,url_link,title,article,category-1,category-2,category-3,Headline,summary,insights
0,https://www.technologyreview.com/2025/05/20/1116327/ai-energy-usage-climate-footprint-big-tech/,We did the math on AI’s energy footprint. Here’s the story you haven’t heard.,"Part Three: Fuel and emissions Now that we have an estimate of the total energy required to run an AI model to produce text, images, and videos, we can work out what that means in terms of emissions that cause climate change. First, a data center humming away isn’t necessarily a bad thing. If all data centers were hooked up to solar panels and ran only when the sun was shining, the world would be talking a lot less about AI’s energy consumption. That’s not the case. Most electrical grids around the world are still heavily reliant on fossil fuels. So electricity use comes with a climate toll attached. “AI data centers need constant power, 24-7, 365 days a year,” says Rahul Mewawalla, the CEO of Mawson Infrastructure Group, which builds and maintains high-energy data centers that support AI. That means data centers can’t rely on intermittent technologies like wind and solar power, and on average, they tend to use dirtier electricity. One preprint study from Harvard’s T.H. Chan School of Public Health found that the carbon intensity of electricity used by data centers was 48% higher than the US average. Part of the reason is that data centers currently happen to be clustered in places that have dirtier grids on average, like the coal-heavy grid in the mid-Atlantic region that includes Virginia, West Virginia, and Pennsylvania. They also run constantly, including when cleaner sources may not be available. Data centers can’t rely on intermittent technologies like wind and solar power, and on average, they tend to use dirtier electricity. Tech companies like Meta, Amazon, and Google have responded to this fossil fuel issue by announcing goals to use more nuclear power. Those three have joined a pledge to triple the world’s nuclear capacity by 2025. But today, nuclear energy only accounts for 20% of electricity supply in the US, and powers a fraction of AI data centers’ operations—natural gas accounts for more than half of electricity generated in Virginia, which has more data centers than any other US state, for example. What’s more, new nuclear operations will take years, perhaps decades, to materialize. In 2024, fossil fuels including natural gas and coal made up just under 60% of electricity supply in the US. Nuclear accounted for about 20%, and a mix of renewables accounted for most of the remaining 20%. Gaps in power supply, combined with the rush to build data centers to power AI, often mean shortsighted energy plans. In April, Elon Musk’s X supercomputing center near Memphis was found, via satellite imagery, to be using dozens of methane gas generators that the Southern Environmental Law Center alleges are not approved by energy regulators to supplement grid power and are violating the Clean Air Act. The key metric used to quantify the emissions from these data centers is called the carbon intensity: how many grams of carbon dioxide emissions are produced for each kilowatt-hour of electricity consumed. Nailing down the carbon intensity of a given grid requires understanding the emissions produced by each individual power plant in operation, along with the amount of energy each is contributing to the grid at any given time. Utilities, government agencies, and researchers use estimates of average emissions, as well as real-time measurements, to track pollution from power plants. This intensity varies widely across regions. The US grid is fragmented, and the mixes of coal, gas, renewables, or nuclear vary widely. California’s grid is far cleaner than West Virginia’s, for example. Time of day matters too. For instance, data from April 2024 shows that California’s grid can swing from under 70 grams per kilowatt-hour in the afternoon when there’s a lot of solar power available to over 300 grams per kilowatt-hour in the middle of the night. This variability means that the same activity may have very different climate impacts, depending on your location and the time you make a request. Take that charity marathon runner, for example. The text, image, and video responses they requested add up to 2.9 kilowatt-hours of electricity. In California, generating that amount of electricity would produce about 650 grams of carbon dioxide pollution on average. But generating that electricity in West Virginia might inflate the total to more than 1,150 grams. AI around the corner What we’ve seen so far is that the energy required to respond to a query can be relatively small, but it can vary a lot, depending on the type of query and the model being used. The emissions associated with that given amount of electricity will also depend on where and when a query is handled. But what does this all add up to? ChatGPT is now estimated to be the fifth-most visited website in the world, just after Instagram and ahead of X. In December, OpenAI said that ChatGPT receives 1 billion messages every day, and after the company launched a new image generator in March, it said that people were using it to generate 78 million images per day, from Studio Ghibli–style portraits to pictures of themselves as Barbie dolls. Given the direction AI is headed—more personalized, able to reason and solve complex problems on our behalf, and everywhere we look—it’s likely that our AI footprint today is the smallest it will ever be. One can do some very rough math to estimate the energy impact. In February the AI research firm Epoch AI published an estimate of how much energy is used for a single ChatGPT query—an estimate that, as discussed, makes lots of assumptions that can’t be verified. Still, they calculated about 0.3 watt-hours, or 1,080 joules, per message. This falls in between our estimates for the smallest and largest Meta Llama models (and experts we consulted say that if anything, the real number is likely higher, not lower). One billion of these every day for a year would mean over 109 gigawatt-hours of electricity, enough to power 10,400 US homes for a year. If we add images and imagine that generating each one requires as much energy as it does with our high-quality image models, it’d mean an additional 35 gigawatt-hours, enough to power another 3,300 homes for a year. This is on top of the energy demands of OpenAI’s other products, like video generators, and that for all the other AI companies and startups. But here’s the problem: These estimates don’t capture the near future of how we’ll use AI. In that future, we won’t simply ping AI models with a question or two throughout the day, or have them generate a photo. Instead, leading labs are racing us toward a world where AI “agents” perform tasks for us without our supervising their every move. We will speak to models in voice mode, chat with companions for 2 hours a day, and point our phone cameras at our surroundings in video mode. We will give complex tasks to so-called “reasoning models” that work through tasks logically but have been found to require 43 times more energy for simple problems, or “deep research” models that spend hours creating reports for us. We will have AI models that are “personalized” by training on our data and preferences. This future is around the corner: OpenAI will reportedly offer agents for $20,000 per month and will use reasoning capabilities in all of its models moving forward, and DeepSeek catapulted “chain of thought” reasoning into the mainstream with a model that often generates nine pages of text for each response. AI models are being added to everything from customer service phone lines to doctor’s offices, rapidly increasing AI’s share of national energy consumption. “The precious few numbers that we have may shed a tiny sliver of light on where we stand right now, but all bets are off in the coming years,” says Luccioni. Every researcher we spoke to said that we cannot understand the energy demands of this future by simply extrapolating from the energy used in AI queries today. And indeed, the moves by leading AI companies to fire up nuclear power plants and create data centers of unprecedented scale suggest that their vision for the future would consume far more energy than even a large number of these individual queries. “The precious few numbers that we have may shed a tiny sliver of light on where we stand right now, but all bets are off in the coming years,” says Luccioni. “Generative AI tools are getting practically shoved down our throats and it’s getting harder and harder to opt out, or to make informed choices when it comes to energy and climate.” To understand how much power this AI revolution will need, and where it will come from, we have to read between the lines.",Climate,Environment,Science,Data centers can’t rely on intermittent technologies like wind and solar power,data centers can’t rely on intermittent technologies like wind and solar power. carbon intensity of electricity used by data centers is 48% higher than the US average. data centers can’t rely on intermittent technologies like wind and solar power.,"data centers can produce text, images, and videos. a data center humming away isn’t necessarily bad, but all bets are off in the coming years, says Luccioni. ""the precious few numbers that we have may shed sliver of light on where we stand right now,"" he says. the smallest AI model is now estimated to be the fifth-most visited website of the world."
1,https://www.cbsnews.com/news/what-is-ai-mode-google-ai-search/,"What is AI Mode, Google's new artificial intelligence search technology?","How AI is reshaping our world and who's cashing in Google on Tuesday rolled out AI Mode, its latest artificial intelligence feature designed to provide users with more detailed and tailored responses to questions entered into the search engine. Unveiled Tuesday at the search giant's annual Google I/O developer conference, AI Mode comes a year after the company introduced AI Overviews, its first tool to use generative AI technology to enhance its search engine capabilities. Sundar Pichai, CEO of both Google and parent company,Alphabet, said in remarks at the conference that AI Mode represents a ""total reimagining of Search"" and that it would gradually be rolled out to all Google users. ""What all this progress means is that we are in a new phase of the AI platform shift, where decades of research are now becoming reality for people all over the world,"" Pichai told the crowd yesterday at an amphitheater near the company's headquarters in Mountain View, California, according to the Associated Press. A video teasing the technology showcases how it works. In response to lengthy, detailed questions typed into Google search, AI Mode displays how many searches Google is performing and how many sites it's scanning as the technology quickly generates a summarized response at the top of the search platform. It also provides a side bar with links to relevant sites. Google said it's also testing a ""Search Live"" feature that will enable the search engine to respond to questions based on video content, as well as voice searches, or to questions verbalized by the user, rather than typed. As an example, Google's teaser shows a person recording a video of themselves holding a bridge made of Popsicle sticks while asking the search engine what can be done to strengthen the structure. ""To make it stronger, consider adding more triangles to the design,"" an automated voice responds. Google said it will begin feeding its latest AI model, Gemini 2.5, into its search engine starting next week. The company calls Gemini 2.5 its ""most intelligent model"" yet. Rapid advancements The California-based company began testing AI Mode in March of this year. Google's latest AI search tool builds on AI Overviews, which was introduced in the U.S. in May 2024 and has 1.5 billion users, according to an article on the Google website. Some argue that AI Overviews, which provides an AI-generated summary of information online, at times eliminating the need to click directly on source links for further information, has undercut traffic to their sites. According to a study by Ahrefs, AI Overviews led to a 35% lower average click-through rates for top-ranking pages on search engine results pages. Concerns over accuracy ""By making AI Mode a core part of the experience, Google is betting it can cater to the demand for AI without alienating its massive base,"" Gadjo Sevilla, a senior analyst for research firm eMarketer, wrote in a blog post. ""But there are risks for hallucinations and factual errors which could drive users towards competitors,"" he added. Such factual errors were spotted with AI Overviews soon after its release, prompting Google to admit in a statement at the time that the technology produced ""some odd and erroneous overviews."" In one instance, AI Overviews suggested that users add glue to pizza or eat at least one small rock a day, according to the MIT Technology Review. As for AI Mode, Google has indicated that its new AI search tech is performing well and serving its intended purpose. ""We conduct quantitative research and collect in-product feedback to ask users whether they're satisfied with their results. And we've seen that introducing AI Overviews on Search leads to an increase in satisfaction and reported helpfulness,"" a Google spokesperson told CBS MoneyWatch.",Technology,Science,World,"Google CEO: AI Mode is a ""total reimagining of Search""","AI Mode is a ""total reimagining of Search,"" google CEO says. it will be rolled out to all Google users starting next week. the company's latest AI model, Gemini 2.5, has 1.5 billion users.","google's latest AI search tool builds on AI Overviews, which was introduced in the u.s. in may 2024. the company is testing a ""Search Live"" feature that will allow the search engine to respond to questions based on video content, voice searches, or verbalized by the user, rather than typed. ""To make it stronger, consider adding more triangles to the design,"" an automated voice responds; google says it will begin feeding its latest model, Gemini 2.5, into its search engines starting next"
2,https://www.technologyreview.com/2025/05/22/1117277/ai-energy-three-takeaways/,Three takeaways about AI’s energy use and climate impacts,"We found that the same exact query, with the same exact energy demand, will have a very different climate impact depending on what the data center is powered by, and that depends on the location and the time of day. For example, querying a data center in West Virginia could cause nearly twice the emissions of querying one in California, according to calculations based on average data from 2024. This point shows why it matters where tech giants are building data centers, what the grid looks like in their chosen locations, and how that might change with more demand from the new infrastructure. 3. There is still so much that we don't know when it comes to AI and energy. Our reporting resulted in estimates that are some of the most specific and comprehensive out there. But ultimately, we still have no idea what many of the biggest, most influential models are adding up to in terms of energy and emissions. None of the companies we reached out to were willing to provide numbers during our reporting. Not one. Adding up our estimates can only go so far, in part because AI is increasingly everywhere. While today you might generally have to go to a dedicated site and type in questions, in the future AI could be stitched into the fabric of our interactions with technology. (See my colleague Will Douglas Heaven’s new story on Google’s I/O showcase: “By putting AI into everything, Google wants to make it invisible.”) AI could be one of the major forces that shape our society, our work, and our power grid. Knowing more about its consequences could be crucial to planning our future. To dig into our reporting, give the main story a read. And if you’re looking for more details on how we came up with our numbers, you can check out this behind-the-scenes piece. There are also some great related stories in this package, including one from James Temple on the data center boom in the Nevada desert, one from David Rotman about how AI’s rise could entrench natural gas, and one from Will Douglas Heaven on a few technical innovations that could help make AI more efficient. Oh, and I also have a piece on why nuclear isn’t the easy answer some think it is. Find them, and the rest of the stories in the package, here. This article is from The Spark, MIT Technology Review’s weekly climate newsletter. To receive it in your inbox every Wednesday, sign up here.",Science,Opinion,Environment,"The exact query, with the same exact energy demand, will have a very different climate impact depending on what the data center is powered by","the same exact query, with the same exact energy demand, will have a very different climate impact depending on what the data center is powered by. the same exact query could cause nearly twice the emissions of querying one in California, according to calculations based on average data from 2024.","from the article in bullet points: We found that the same exact query could cause nearly twice the emissions of querying one in California. this point shows why it matters where tech giants are building data centers, what the grid looks like in their chosen locations, and how that might change with the new infrastructure. 3. There is still so much that we don't know when it comes to AI and energy."
3,https://news.mit.edu/2025/new-technology-extends-produce-shelf-life-0521,A new technology for extending the shelf life of produce,"We’ve all felt the sting of guilt when fruit and vegetables go bad before we could eat them. Now, researchers from MIT and the Singapore-MIT Alliance for Research and Technology (SMART) have shown they can extend the shelf life of harvested plants by injecting them with melatonin using biodegradable microneedles. That’s a big deal because the problem of food waste goes way beyond our salads. More than 30 percent of the world’s food is lost after it’s harvested — enough to feed more than 1 billion people. Refrigeration is the most common way to preserve foods, but it requires energy and infrastructure that many regions of the world can’t afford or lack access to. The researchers believe their system could offer an alternative or complement to refrigeration. Central to their approach are patches of silk microneedles. The microneedles can get through the tough, waxy skin of plants without causing a stress response, and deliver precise amounts of melatonin into plants’ inner tissues. “This is the first time that we’ve been able to apply these microneedles to extend the shelf life of a fresh-cut crop,” says Benedetto Marelli, the study’s senior author, associate professor of civil and environmental engineering at MIT, and the director of the Wild Cards mission of the MIT Climate Project. “We thought we could use this technology to deliver something that could regulate or control the plant’s post-harvest physiology. Eventually, we looked at hormones, and melatonin is already used by plants to regulate such functions. The food we waste could feed about 1.6 billion people. Even in the U.S., this approach could one day expand access to healthy foods.” For the study, which appears today in Nano Letters, Marelli and researchers from SMART applied small patches of the microneedles containing melatonin to the base of the leafy vegetable pak choy. After application, the researchers found the melatonin was able to extend the vegetables’ shelf life by four days at room temperature and 10 days when refrigerated, which could allow more crops to reach consumers before they’re wasted. “Post-harvest waste is a huge issue. This problem is extremely important in emerging markets around Africa and Southeast Asia, where many crops are produced but can't be maintained in the journey from farms to markets,” says Sarojam Rajani, co-senior author of the study and a senior principal investigator at the Temasek Life Sciences Laboratory in Singapore. Plant destressors For years, Marelli’s lab has been exploring the use of silk microneedles for things like delivering nutrients to crops and monitoring plant health. Microneedles made from silk fibroin protein are nontoxic and biodegradable, and Marelli’s previous work has described ways of manufacturing them at scale. To test microneedle’s ability to extend the shelf life of food, the researchers wanted to study their ability to deliver a hormone known to affect the senescence process. Aside from helping humans sleep, melatonin is also a natural hormone in many plants that helps them regulate growth and aging. “The dose of melatonin we’re delivering is so low that it’s fully metabolized by the crops, so it would not significantly increase the amount of melatonin normally present in the food; we would not ingest more melatonin than usual,” Marelli says. “We chose pak choy because it's a very important crop in Asia, and also because pak choy is very perishable.” Pak choy is typically harvested by cutting the leafy plant from the root system, exposing the shoot base that provides easy access to vascular bundles which distribute water and nutrients to the rest of the plant. To begin their study, the researchers first used their microneedles to inject a fluorescent dye into the base to confirm that vasculature could spread the dye throughout the plant. The researchers then compared the shelf life of regular pak choy plants and plants that had been sprayed with or dipped into melatonin, finding no difference. With their baseline shelf life established, the researchers applied small patches of the melatonin-filled microneedles to the bottom of pak choy plants by hand. They then stored the treated plants, along with controls, in plastic boxes both at room temperature and under refrigeration. The team evaluated the plants by monitoring their weight, visual appearance, and concentration of chlorophyll, a green pigment that decreases as plants age. At room temperature, the leaves of the untreated control group began yellowing within two or three days. By the fourth day, the yellowing accelerated to the point that the plants likely could not be sold. Plants treated with the melatonin-loaded silk microneedles, in contrast, remained green on day five, and the yellowing process was significantly delayed. The weight loss and chlorophyll reduction of treated plants also slowed significantly at room temperature. Overall, the researchers estimated the microneedle-treated plants retained their saleable value until the eighth day. “We clearly saw we could enhance the shelf life of pak choy without the cold chain,” Marelli says. In refrigerated conditions of about 40 degrees Fahrenheit, plant yellowing was delayed by about five days on average, with treated plants remaining relatively green until day 25. “Spectrophotometric analysis of the plants indicated the treated plants had higher antioxidant activity, while gene analysis showed the melatonin set off a protective chain reaction inside the plants, preserving chlorophyll and adjusting hormones to slow senescence,” says Monika Jangir, co-first author and former postdoc at the Temasek Life Sciences Laboratory. “We studied melatonin’s effects and saw it improves the stress response of the plant after it’s been cut, so it’s basically decreasing the stress that plant’s experience, and that extends its shelf life,” says Yangyang Han, co-first author and research scientist at the Disruptive and Sustainable Technologies for Agricultural Precision (DiSTAP) interdisciplinary research group at SMART. Toward postharvest preservation While the microneedles could make it possible to minimize waste when compared to other application methods like spraying or dipping crops, the researchers say more work is needed to deploy microneedles at scale. For instance, although the researchers applied the microneedle patches by hand in this experiment, the patches could be applied using tractors, autonomous drones, and other farming equipment in the future. “For this to be widely adopted, we’d need to reach a performance versus cost threshold to justify its use,” Marelli explains. “This method would need to become cheap enough to be used by farmers regularly.” Moving forward, the research team plans to study the effects of a variety of hormones on different crops using its microneedle delivery technology. The team believes the technique should work with all kinds of produce. “We’re going to continue to analyze how we can increase the impact this can have on the value and quality of crops,” Marelli says. “For example, could this let us modulate the nutritional values of the crop, how it’s shaped, its texture, etc.? We're also going to continue looking into scaling up the technology so this can be used in the field.” The work was supported by the Singapore-MIT Alliance for Research and Technology (SMART) and the National Research Foundation of Singapore.",Science,Technology,Food & Drink,MIT and SMART researchers have shown they can extend shelf life of plants by injecting them with melatonin,"researchers from MIT and SMART have shown they can extend shelf life of harvested plants by injecting them with melatonin using biodegradable microneedles. the microneedles can get through the tough, waxy skin of plants without causing a stress response, and deliver precise amounts of melatonin into plants’ inner tissues. melatonin is already used by plants to regulate such functions.","the melatonin-filled microneedles to the bottom of the leafy vegetable pak choy. the researchers then applied small patches of a fluorescent dye into the base to confirm that vasculature could spread the dye throughout the plant, finding no difference. MIT and the Singapore-MIT Alliance for Research and Technology (SMART) have shown they can extend the shelf life of plants by injecting them with biodegradable micrones. this technique could be applied using tractors, autonomous drones,"
4,https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-05-21/walmart-eliminates-about-1-500-jobs-on-technology-team,"Walmart Eliminates About 1,500 Jobs on Technology Team",Access not allowed,,,,,,
5,https://www.weforum.org/stories/2025/05/rhow-technology-practitioners-can-drive-environmental-stewardship/,How technology practitioners can embed sustainability,"Writing efficient code allows technologists to reduce energy usage and drive environmental sustainability at the source. Choosing renewable-powered infrastructure helps to shrink the footprint of operations. Collaborating openly and educating broadly enables building a movement capable of reshaping industry norms. As the digital economy accelerates, so too does its environmental impact. Technology practitioners, from engineers and designers to product managers and data scientists, are increasingly recognized as key actors in the global transition towards sustainable development. From optimizing the code that powers our applications to rethinking the energy sources behind our cloud infrastructure, the choices made by technologists today are relevant for a greener and energy-efficient future. With the global energy crisis and climate change being some of the defining challenges of our time, incorporating environmental stewardship into digital innovation is no longer optional; it is essential. Responsible innovation means designing and deploying technologies that solve problems and safeguard the planet. There are three critical levers technology practitioners can pull to drive sustainable impact: Code efficiency. Renewable-powered infrastructure. Community collaboration through open-source development and sustainability education. Sustainable software engineering Software may be intangible but its environmental cost is very real. Every computation, API (application programming interface) call and algorithmic function consumes energy, adding up across billions of devices, servers and users. According to the International Energy Agency, global data centres’ consumption is estimated to be between 2% and 3% of the world’s electricity. This could rise to over 1,000 terawatt-hours by 2030, equivalent to the entire electricity use of Japan. A portion of this demand stems from design choices and inefficient software. Code optimization is one of the accessible and impactful ways for practitioners to reduce energy use. This includes: Modularization: Breaking down code into smaller, reusable components enhances maintainability and minimizes redundant processes. Algorithm optimization: Choosing more computationally efficient algorithms can drastically reduce the number of operations needed to complete tasks. Resource-conscious development: Avoiding unnecessary background processing, reducing data transfers and minimizing user interface rendering cycles all contribute to lighter software. Questioning the “artificial intelligence (AI)-first” paradigm: As AI tools are increasingly embedded into digital products, practitioners must evaluate whether complex machine learning models are always necessary. Many AI-driven features are energy-intensive yet marginal in user impact. Prioritizing simpler, rule-based systems where appropriate can reduce compute demands and environmental costs. A 2022 study published in Electronics, an MDPI journal, stated that refactoring code optimizes software energy efficiency and significantly saves energy, depending on the application. Projects such as the Green Software Foundation are actively creating standards and toolkits to help developers embed sustainability into their coding practices. Clean energy for cloud While software runs on efficient code, it lives on digital infrastructure such as servers, networks and data centres that consume immense amounts of electricity. The shift to cloud computing, AI and high-performance workloads has further amplified these demands. According to an article from MIT Press Reader, data centres and other digital infrastructure account for over 2% of global carbon emissions, rivalling the aviation industry. To mitigate this impact, transitioning technology infrastructure to renewable energy is paramount and some leading cloud providers are making strides. However, the burden is not solely on hyperscalers. Technology practitioners, especially those in DevOps, infrastructure and platform roles, can push for greener deployments by: Selecting cloud regions powered by clean energy. Advocating for carbon-aware scheduling in distributed systems. Deploying workloads during periods of renewable energy availability. Monitoring and optimizing idle resource usage to avoid waste. By embedding sustainability into architectural choices, practitioners reduce emissions and build cost-effective, lightweight and energy-efficient systems. Open source and sustainability education While technical efficiency and clean energy are essential, the broader cultural shift toward responsible innovation depends on community engagement and knowledge sharing. Open-source software is uniquely positioned to be a catalyst for sustainable development. Its transparent nature allows for collaborative problem-solving and rapid dissemination of environmentally conscious practices. Notable examples include the Green Software Foundation, which provides open repositories and learning pathways for green development and Mozilla’s Sustainability Programme, which integrates environmental metrics into its open-source product reviews. Also, fostering sustainability education within the developer community is important for building long-term capacity. Curriculum initiatives such as the Software Carbon Intensity specification, piloted in universities and bootcamps, aim to equip future technologists with the tools to measure and reduce digital emissions. Technology companies also have a role to play. GitHub, for example, has introduced sustainability metrics in its Readme Project, showcasing OSS projects committed to green computing. Other ways technology practitioners can help drive responsible innovation through open-source initiatives and sustainability education include: Hosting sustainability-focused developer meetups or hackathons. Mentoring peers and students on eco-friendly coding and architecture. Monitoring and documenting the environmental impact of software decisions in engineering retrospectives. By cultivating a culture of transparency and shared responsibility, the technology community can accelerate the transition from isolated efforts to a widespread sustainability movement. The way to sustainable tech innovation The intersection of technology and sustainability is no longer a niche concern but a defining element of 21st-century innovation. As societies digitize at scale, the environmental impact of these systems can no longer be ignored. Fortunately, practitioners possess the knowledge, tools and networks to lead by example.",Technology,Opinion,Science,Introducing technology practitioners as key actors in global transition towards sustainable development,technology practitioners are increasingly recognized as key actors in the global transition towards sustainable development. incorporating environmental stewardship into digital innovation is no longer optional; it is very real. global data centres’ consumption is estimated to be between 2% and 3% of the world’s electricity by 2030.,", reducing energy usage and driving environmental sustainability at the source. refactoring code optimizes software energy efficiency and significantly saves energy, depending on the application's application - a key factor in sustainable innovation. technology practitioners can push for greener deployments by: Selecting cloud regions powered by clean energy. Monitoring and documenting idle resource usage to avoid waste."
6,https://abcnews.go.com/US/military-killer-robots-urgent-regulation-warns/story?id=121994524,"Military use of AI technology needs urgent regulation, UN warns","The UN secretary-general has called for ""global guardrails"" on AI. As the United Nations General Assembly continues discussions this week about regulating weapons that use artificial intelligence, some experts have raised concerns about the rapid advancement of autonomous military technology and its impact on modern warfare. Robert Bishop, vice chancellor and dean of engineering at Texas A &M University, addressed the assembly about the urgent need for regulation of these ""killer robots."" ""The technology has really gotten ahead of us,"" Bishop told ABC News. ""The application of the technology has moved faster than our policies and procedures."" At a recent UN summit, Secretary-General António Guterres warned that the growing technology risked deepening geopolitical divides and called for urgent ""global guardrails."" Robert Bishop urges ethical approach to AI warfare at UN meeting. ABC News Bishop told ABC News that AI technology could actually help reduce conflict if properly regulated. ""We can use this technology to reduce conflict through less-than-lethal action,"" he explained. ""We can also utilize the technology to help inform our policymakers so that they make better decisions."" When asked about the risks of leaving these weapons unregulated, Bishop said there were immediate concerns beyond science-fiction scenarios. ""The worst-case scenario in the near term is the gap that countries face,"" he told ABC News, explaining that this gap could lead to ""cybersecurity breaches, data breaches, and infrastructure breaches"" by bad actors. UN debates rules for AI weapons as experts warn of risks. Department of Defense Bishop explained the reluctance of some countries to embrace regulation in this matter. ""We're always cognizant of the fact that folks who may wish to do us harm are ahead of us,"" he said, citing concerns about hypersonic vehicles capable of carrying nuclear warheads as an example of why nations are cautious about limiting military AI development. However, Bishop suggests a different approach. He says Texas A &M University is creating a nonprofit organization to develop ethical approaches to AI use, working closely with industry, the Department of Defense and other academic institutions. He believes AI could be used to find less violent solutions to conflicts. ""If you know that a group of folks wants to do you harm, can you disrupt their ability to do that without kinetic weapons, without drones? The answer is yes,"" Bishop said. He suggests using AI to analyze data and present decision-makers with less-violent options for resolving conflicts. Last week, 96 countries met for the first-ever international meeting held at the United Nations focused specifically on autonomous weapons systems. The meeting, mandated by a General Assembly resolution from last December, brought together representatives from governments, international organizations, civil society, academia, and industry to address the growing concerns about AI-powered weapons. Guterres is pushing for clear rules on AI weapons by next year, with both the secretary-general and the president of the International Committee of the Red Cross calling for a legally binding agreement by 2026. The recent New York meeting expanded discussions beyond traditional military concerns to include human rights law, criminal law, and broader ethical considerations. ""We must prevent a world of AI 'haves' and 'have-nots,'"" Guterres said at AI Action Summit 2025. ""We must all work together so that artificial can bridge the gap between developed and developing countries – not widen it. It must accelerate sustainable development – not entrench inequalities.""",Technology,Science,Politics,96 countries met this week for the first-ever international meeting on AI-powered weapons,"96 countries met this week for the first-ever international meeting on AI-powered weapons. the meeting, mandated by a resolution from last December, brought together representatives from governments, international organizations, civil society, academia, and industry to address the growing concerns about AI-powered weapons.","on AI. ""We can use this technology to reduce conflict through less-than-lethal action,"" he said. 96 countries met for the first-ever international meeting at the United Nations last week focused on autonomous weapons systems. the meeting, mandated by a resolution from last December, brought together representatives from governments, international organizations, civil society, academia, and industry."
7,https://www.daytondailynews.com/local/kettering-health-technology-outage-continues-following-cyberattack/DNPYXRZLHRG6XJJQQ7QSH26RRE/,Kettering Health technology outage continues following cyberattack,"Powell has breast cancer, which has not yet spread to her lymph nodes. She’s currently scheduled for surgery on Friday, but she’s not sure yet if that will happen as planned since her doctors no longer have access to her medical records, including the testing she went through in preparation for this surgery. “I need this surgery because I need to get done before it spreads,” Powell said. Powell is not getting many answers, she said, adding that her care team likely doesn’t have the answers themselves as this technology outage continues. As Powell waits to find out whether or not she will have the surgery, she hopes that she is still able to get her procedure done at Kettering Health. “I absolutely love my team at Kettering (Health),” Powell said. “This is not Kettering’s fault. This is no one’s fault. This is just the world we live in.” Working on restoring access Hackers appear to be threatening to destroy data and publicly publish sensitive data on the dark web if hospital officials don’t reach out and negotiate within 72 hours, according to information shared with the Dayton Daily News by an anonymous source. “Teams across Kettering Health are working diligently around the clock to restore our systems in the aftermath of unauthorized access that caused a system-wide technology outage,” Kettering Health said in an updated statement Wednesday evening. “At this time, procedures are being evaluated on a case-by-case basis based upon collaborative decision-making between care teams, with safety as our highest priority,” Kettering Health said. If care teams have patients’ contact information, they will contact patients by phone about rescheduling procedures, the hospital system said. “While we recognize this process has not been seamless, and we ask for everyone’s patience while we continue to work through this issue,” Kettering Health said. Health care organizations at risk Kettering Health has not confirmed if the cyberattack is a ransomware incident, but this news outlet talked to an expert who speculates that this has the hallmarks of such an attack. “If we’re dealing with ransomware, one of the reasons that the health sector is seeing an increase in these types of attacks is, when you’re engaged in extortion, you want to coerce the other side to give you money, you want them to feel as much urgency as possible,” said Richard Harknett, director of the Center for Cyber Strategy and Policy at the University of Cincinnati. Ransomware gangs don’t want to risk getting identified if the interaction is too prolonged, he said, but there’s more at stake when it comes to people’s health care. “The implication is that people’s lives could be at stake if you could actually get to fundamental disruption of medical systems,” Harknett said. That puts a lot of pressure on the organization to pay up and pay quickly, he said. Cyber extortion Since the cyberattack at Kettering Health is known and causing an ongoing technology outage, it’s likely that any possible perpetrators are after financial gain from Kettering Health itself. “When we have systems lock up like this, it’s to coerce, to get something out of the organization,” Harknett said. “The primary goal for most of these actors is to get money (typically paid) in Bitcoin, a type of digital currency.” Ransomware attacks work by people infiltrating the victim’s system and locking the system with their own encryption so the victim’s computers are not able to access the information it’s supposed to be able to access, he said. “They have a key, a code, that they can give you that will unlock the malware that they use to lock up your system,” Harknett said. “That’s what happens in the first level of extortion. They say, ‘Here you are, we’ve locked up your system, pay us this, or you don’t get your system back.” This can be expensive for the organization to deal with, and the malware can be nearly impossible for the victim to get around on their own, he said. ‘Not your basement hooded hackers’ Online speculation has questioned whether or not the perpetrator would have any reason not to go ahead and sell stolen data on the dark web even after getting its ransom payment from the victim. The gangs that perpetrate these crimes are sophisticated organizations, Harknett said, and they have an incentive to be seen as trustworthy thieves. “These are not your basement hooded hackers,” Harknett said. These organizations, in most cases, have technical teams that do the exploiting, a separate negotiating team to put pressure on the victim and then a financial team who will collect the ransom, Harknett said. “They’re very public about it. They have reputations that they want to maintain as being the biggest and the baddest,” Harknett said. If an organization like this were to take the ransom and then sell the data anyway, there’s less of a reason for their future victims to pay the ransom. “They have data leak sites attributing themselves to attacks. I know, as of last night, no one had posted to known data leak sites responsibility for this. They usually wait until they conclude the attack,” Harknett said. The idea is that they can show future victims that they will follow through on what they said they would do as proof that they will de-encrypt the victim’s computer system. “You can trust us to be honorable thieves is the kind of reputation building that they engage in,” Harknett said. Concerns over identity theft There’s not much for the public to do at this point, but people who are concerned about their information getting stolen can monitor their credit cards if they are worried about identity theft. Be wary of very small, unknown purchases that are like $2 or $3 type purchases. Those can be tests to see whether the credit card will be accepted before the perpetrator tries for a larger purchase. “We understand our patients’ concerns for their privacy and information security. We have no evidence that personal cell phone apps, like MyChart, or the information in them have been compromised,” Kettering Health said. Additionally, Kettering Health will never reach out to staff or patients via social media, it said. Kettering Health will also be sharing updates about this cyberattack at ketteringhealth.org/system-wide-technology-outage. Region adapting to challenges Premier Health declined to comment on the impact of Kettering Health’s technology outage might be having on its operations or if patients are being referred to their hospitals. Mercy Health saw a slight increase in patient volumes in its emergency department and a few surgical cases, but its operations are otherwise unaffected, the organization said. Member hospitals of the Greater Dayton Area Hospital Association are continuing to work together to increase staffing and capacity at non-impacted acute care facilities to ensure the region’s health care system can meet the community’s needs, the association said Wednesday evening. Local jurisdictions’ emergency medical services are also receiving updates pertaining to patient transport. “GDAHA is working closely with Kettering Health and local jurisdictions to provide timely updates through the statewide EMS platform and ensure that EMS crews have access to the most up-to-date, accurate information for patient transport decisions,” the association said.",Crime,Technology,Health,"""This is not Kettering’s fault. This is just the world we live in,"" says Powell","""this is not Kettering’s fault. This is just the world we live in,"" says Powell. if care teams have patients’ contact information, they will contact patients by phone. a cyber attack at Kettering Health is known and causing an ongoing technology outage.",", the association said. “This is not Kettering’s fault. This is just the world we live in,” he said. if an organization like this were to take the ransom and then sell the data anyway, they would collect it, a source says. ""They’re very public about it. They want to coerce the other side to give you money, you want them to feel as much urgency as possible,"" she added. the organization will be sharing updates about this cyberattack at ketteringhealth"
8,https://ktla.com/news/local-news/southern-california-authorities-use-new-technology-to-save-stranded-biker/,Orange County authorities use new technology to help save stranded mountain biker,Access not allowed,,,,,,
9,https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2025/05/21/turtles-telemetry-wildlife-tracking/,Opinion | Technology broke our connection to nature. Here is a way back.,"I am playing the world’s slowest video game. Sitting in front of a monitor with a technician from the Smithsonian, I am watching the progress of Turtle 4004, known as Roxy. She’s an older box turtle, and a GPS tag on her shell records hourly updates of her location. But box turtles, on average, move only about 2 centimeters per hour — which makes for some obvious tedium for those tracking her progress. The tech reads out updates on Roxy’s peregrinations to me. 7:18 a.m.: She’s on the edge of a field on the property in Castleton, Virginia. 8:18 a.m.: She’s in the same place. 9:18 a.m.: She still hasn’t moved. And then, the 10:18 GPS reading produces excitement. “It looks like she shoots down here like 15 meters or so,” the tech, Mark Ketner says, showing me the dot on the screen.. But then the 11:18 reading shows Roxy is right back where she was earlier in the morning. Ketner concludes that the 10 a.m. reading was an error. Roxy hasn’t budged. Nor does she move for the rest of the day. Nor the entire next day, nor the next two. Ketner concludes that she must be lounging, day after day and night after night, in a particularly comfy patch of leaf litter or underneath a favorite shrub — happily munching slugs without a care in the world. Finally, on the fifth and sixth days, the cluster of dots shows unmistakably that Roxy is on the move — about 15 meters south. Five days later, Roxy moves again — this time, she hooks a right turn and crawls about 15 meters into the woods. After two weeks and dozens of data points, Roxy has completed her tortuous migration from field to forest. Follow Dana Milbank Follow Watching these research subjects move at the speed of a tortoise, I wonder whether the scientists might have found it more rewarding to study the hare. Advertisement And yet, in just two years of tracking turtles by GPS, they have advanced our understanding of these animals by leaps and bounds. The sort of work being done on Roxy is already producing new strategies to rescue her compatriots from their long, slow decline. In a broader sense, these technologies have the potential to transform the field of ecology for creatures large and small — and, not least, to reestablish humans’ connection with nature. Last year, researchers from the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute in Front Royal, Virginia, and the Clifton Institute in Warrenton gathered 16,000 data points showing the movement of 11 turtles. This year, they will monitor 50 turtles and collect far more data — not just GPS but temperature readings and measurements of the reptiles’ actual ground speed — that will show precisely when and why turtles move. Already, they have learned that box turtles, historically thought of as a forest species, spend far more time in fields than was previously understood. Over the next year or two, scientists will use this information to broadcast public warnings about when box turtles are active in fields and across roads, and to forecast when conditions will have the right combination of temperature, cloud cover, humidity and precipitation for turtles to be on the move. These forecasts, like daily fire-danger ratings, will let people know to avoid mowing on these days or to be on the lookout for turtles crossing roads. Turtles are “arguably the most threatened animals with a backbone out there,” says Tom Akre, program director for the Smithsonian’s Turtle Conservation Ecology Lab. Some 60 percent of turtle species are threatened or endangered, and even relatively common ones such as the box turtle are in trouble because of habitat loss, climate change, disease and poaching. “Turtles do everything slowly — they walk slowly, they feed slowly, they move across the landscape slowly, they mature slowly, they reproduce slowly — and that makes them incredibly vulnerable in the modern world.” But the good news is the study of their movements suggests even a small change in human behavior, such as avoiding mowing on high turtle-movement days, could make a huge difference in the survival of these animals. The same is true for other creatures great and small. Technological breakthroughs in the field of telemetry — tracking animals’ movements through GPS, radio frequency and acoustics — have exploded in recent years, with the miniaturization of GPS technology and the proliferation of radio monitoring towers. Movement ecologists use these techniques to track the migration patterns of sea birds and grassland birds; to study the underwater migrations of sharks, striped bass and herring; and to see the movements of giraffes, wildebeest, dama gazelles and scimitar-horned oryx in Africa. Barn owls, kestrels, warblers and even dragonflies can now be tracked. It has dramatically reshaped understandings of how these critters move, forage and reproduce. Over the past couple of months, I’ve been following scientists around as they do this type of work in Virginia. I’ve waded waist-deep in the Rappahannock River in search of river herring, which can now be tracked on their migratory journey of more than 1,000 miles from tiny inland creeks of the Mid-Atlantic to the coast of Maine and Canada. I’ve observed scientists as they went to capture American kestrels — small falcons that have been in decline — in nesting boxes to do maintenance on the solar-powered GPS tags they carry as “backpacks” on their trips to Georgia and Florida. And I’ve tromped through field and forest in pursuit of highly charismatic box turtles with names such as Stanley, Snoop and Buttercup, each carrying GPS and radio tags on their backs. In general, technology detaches us from nature, not to mention from each other. But in limited ways, technology can also put people — even rubes like me with no scientific expertise — in touch with nature in ways we never before have been. On my phone, Cornell’s Merlin app identifies all the birds I’m hearing, and the Haikubox installed on my porch keeps a list of birds who call when I’m not at home. Another app, iNaturalist, and its sister app, Seek, can identify virtually any plant or insect using my phone’s camera. Trail cameras record high-resolution video of bears, bobcats and coyotes on my farm. WiFi cameras in my bird boxes send me images of what’s happening inside. The burgeoning field of telemetry, likewise, lets people get up close and personal with animals, letting us understand their movements and leaving us with practical conservation strategies that laypeople can follow. For example, scientists have long known that cutting hay in fields decimates the population of grassland birds such as meadowlarks and bobolinks, whose nests get mowed down during haying. But farmers weren’t about to surrender their livelihood and stop making hay. So Smithsonian researchers, using telemetry, found that, by the end of June, 80 percent of fledglings were old enough to fly out of the field and escape oncoming tractors. And so they made a practical suggestion to farmers: If possible, try to delay your first cut until July 1. This is part of a wholesale rethinking of conservation biology that has occurred over decades, as ecologists gradually abandoned the idea of “fortress conservation,” or protecting wild places from the presence of humans. Instead, ecology has shifted toward an acknowledgment that people have irreversibly changed every inch of the globe, mostly for the worse. We are well into a biodiversity crisis that is driving rare species into extinction and abundant species into decline. The goal now is less preservation than finding ways to optimize wildlife diversity and abundance on lands that are already compromised by humans. And to figure out which conservation strategies will produce the biggest bang for the buck, you need data to show what the animals actually need. “The more practical approach to conservation says, look, we’re not going to preserve thousands and thousands of acres of native meadow habitat, because these lands are being used,” explains Joe Kolowski, another Smithsonian wildlife ecologist who tracks kestrels. “So to say what the options are for these lands, you really have to drill down into the details.” The new data on animal movements provides those details. “It’s just orders of magnitude more information,” Kolowski says. “We’re just swimming in data right now.” Actually, I’m wading in the Rappahannock River right now, along with Henry Legett, a specialist in river herring with the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center in Edgewater, Maryland. Generations ago, there were so many alewife and blueback herring and so many American and hickory shad in this river that it was said you could walk across the river on their backs. They nourished the colonists, and Virginians held salting festivals into the 20th century, until a combination of dams and overfishing all but wiped out the fish. In recent years, the dams have been removed and a fishing ban imposed — yet the herring population hasn’t recovered, as it was predicted to. Environmental DNA samples show that they are here, even far inland where we are, on the border of Fauquier and Rappahannock counties, but their numbers are paltry. Leggett leads me through deep mud and over slippery stones into a pool where he hopes to find some river herring — nothing. He throws a few stones into a deeper pool, thinking some will emerge — but they don’t. He strings a gill net across the whole river and appears to find one — “Oh! Ooh!” he says — but it’s just a few hickory shad. “In a watershed like this, it’s like trying to resurrect a ghost,” he says. Advertisement Some of the problem is obviously climate change (the fish tend to leave the rivers for the bay when temperatures are above 70 degrees, and on our visit it’s 77) and pollution (the foamy scum on the river from agricultural runoff where we are). But telemetry discovered that the situation is more complex. Legett and his colleagues have been tagging the foot-long herring with tiny, ultrasonic acoustic tags, which transmit their location to underwater receivers, and they’ve found that the herring migrate much further up the North American coast than scientists had previously known. They also found out that only about 15 percent of herring survive the round-trip migration. (Although one savvy fish has made the journey seven times). Two apparent reasons: The fish are being caught as “bycatch” by Maine and Canadian fisheries looking for mackerel and Atlantic herring, and they are being devoured by invasive blue catfish where the river meets the Chesapeake Bay. Legett and his colleagues are developing ways to calculate how many of the fish are succumbing to predators and how many are being caught in New England waters — which in turn should offer potential solutions. But it’s already clear that the herring are missing from Virginia’s rivers at least in part because they’re being fished in the Gulf of Maine. While Legett wades through the tributaries of Virginia, Alan Williams steers his pickup truck through its backroads, visiting one kestrel box after another, banding the babies and tending to the solar backpacks of their parents. The GPS backpacks, at $1,000 apiece and 3½ grams, are high-tech. Williams’s techniques are not. He blocks the entrance to the bird house with an empty yogurt cup on an extension poll, captures the adult bird in a net and then puts it in a Pringles can for safekeeping while the backpack is serviced. Some 70 birds have so far been outfitted with these backpacks. Once the electronics are on the bird, the data can be downloaded wirelessly with a receiver — also in Williams’s truck — if he is within 300 meters of the animal. One afternoon, I watch Williams remove a malfunctioning backpack from Abby, a bird in Washington, Virginia.; she endures the procedure with patience, putting up no struggle as she goes in and out of the Pringles can. But on another day in Woodville, Virginia, a kestrel named Dee thwarts Williams and his crew for the better part of two hours: When one kestrel hunter closes in on her box, Dee flies out and hovers over her pursuers, waiting for them to leave so she can return to her five eggs. She desperately needs a haircut because her feathers are partially covering her solar panel — but it will have to wait for another day. If telemetry found the river herring’s troubles to be 1,000 miles away, it found the kestrel’s troubles to be closer to home. While other birds thrive in native meadows where plants can be six feet tall, the scientists were surprised to find that kestrels avoid those areas, preferring pastures for their hunting. If there isn’t a pasture or other low vegetation in the area, the kestrels will pick up and leave. “We think it’s simply too tall for them to hunt in these meadows,” Kolowski says. Wildlife ecologists have encouraged the planting of native meadows, but this finding suggests the kestrel prefers a matrix of habitats. It takes us only about 10 minutes to find turtle 4008, Tyrion, on the property of Dick and Nancy Raines, who are sponsors of the turtle project. Maxwell Earle, from the turtle lab, takes an old-fashioned Yagi antenna from his truck, aims it into the woods, and listens for a ping from the turtle’s tag. The pinging gets louder as we walk, until finally we stop and find Tyrion, lounging under a fern. He’s a handsome fellow, about 20 years old, with red eyes and an elaborate black-and-gold pattern on his shell. He kicks his legs in mild protest as Earle shows off the $600 worth of technology on his back. Tyrion had been eating — he has remnants of a slug on his face, a condition Earle calls “slug mug” — and he hurries away at a rapid clip (for a turtle) when we put him back down. From there, Earle dials in a different frequency and it takes just two minutes to find Turtle 4041, Misty, a 50ish female, who is lounging at the edge of a field. (Box turtles have an average lifespan of 25 to 35 years but can live to more than 100, with older females producing larger clutches and healthier offspring.) “Hello, mama!” Earle says, picking up Misty, who is calm. She is round with more muted coloring, and her carapace is polished smooth from half a century of wear. “Isn’t that amazing?” Dick Raines says of the venerable creature. “That’s why they’re so precious.” And this is the real purpose of the turtle project: not just to learn about them but also to make landowners feel proud to have these magnificent animals in their fields and forests — and open to new ways of managing their land to keep the turtles alive. The Smithsonian, Clifton and other organizations are promoting a “Raise the Blade” campaign to persuade farmers to cut fields no shorter than eight inches. Next will come the fire-alert announcements of when turtles are on the move. Advertisement For the turtles, it can’t come soon enough — even for those in the Smithsonian study. One participant, Turtle 4022, wandered onto a neighbor’s field last year and was crushed by a tractor. “This is not simply a scientific project,” says Akre, the turtle program director. The new telemetry technologies, he explains, “allow us to both show people the animals in a way we couldn’t otherwise and also to tell a very real story.” By watching the turtles’ GPS movements, “people can actually see the animal. They can see it behaving, and they can see what it has done and that connects them to the life of the animal, more so than just observing it in the moment. The more you know about any organism, the more you can empathize with it or understand it.”",Science,Technology,National,"This year, they will monitor 50 turtles and collect far more data — not just GPS but temperature readings","researchers from the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute in front Royal, Virginia, and the Clifton Institute in Warrenton gathered 16,000 data points showing the movement of 11 turtles. this year, they will monitor 50 turtles and collect far more data — not just GPS but temperature readings and measurements of the reptiles’ actual ground speed.",",,,,,,, telemetry has exploded in recent years, as ecologists gradually abandoned the idea of “fortress conservation” or protecting wild places from humans. scientists have learned that box turtles spend far more time in fields than was previously understood, and reestablish humans’ connection with nature. researchers from the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute in Front Royal, Virginia, gathered 16,000 data points showing the movement of 11 hares."
10,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/22/3086278/0/en/InfiMotion-Technology-Launches-TL-300-Integrated-Drive-System-Redefining-Vehicle-Performance.html,"InfiMotion Technology Launches TL 300 Integrated Drive System, Redefining Vehicle Performance","InfiMotion Technology this year announced the launch of its updated TL 300, an ultra-lightweight, highly integrated drive system engineered with magnesium alloy to deliver remarkable performance and efficiency for next-generation vehicles. The TL 300 seamlessly combines dual motors, dual reducers, and a common Power Control Module (PCM) into a single, compact unit. InfiMotion attended Shanghai Autoshow InfiMotion Technology recently presented its technical capabilities at the Shanghai Auto Show. The company emphasized its dual-track strategy encompassing current development and future advancements, demonstrating a full-chain technology layout including core components to system integration within the electric drive sector. The exhibition of the company spanned both pure electric and hybrid platforms, accommodating voltage ranges from 400V to 800V and applications from small vehicles, SUV:s and class vehicles to high-performance models. This comprehensive approach positions InfiMotion Technology as a provider of complete solutions for the future of mobility in the new energy automotive industry. Beyond the Basics: The TL 300 Explained Dual-motor powertrain system (TL 300): The unit achieves a high degree of integration, leveraging an industry-first magnesium-aluminium alloy housing that yields a 25% reduction in housing mass and over 10% decrease in total assembly mass compared to conventional designs. The system incorporates a patented 360° bidirectional full-oil cooling architecture, ensuring robust thermal management that facilitates sustained high performance, evidenced by consistent sub-5-second 0-100 km/h acceleration times without power derating for over 20 consecutive cycles. Optimized motor topologies and advanced control algorithms contribute to a peak system efficiency of 89.5%, thereby enhancing overall vehicle energy economy and extending driving range. The system also demonstrates advanced torque vectoring capabilities, enabling complex low-speed manoeuvres. SiC&IGBT PCM The unit employs an intelligent hybrid parallel configuration of Silicon Carbide (SiC) and Silicon (Si) power semiconductor devices to optimize the trade-off between efficiency, cost, and performance. This architecture allows for dynamic allocation of semiconductor usage based on operational demands, maximizing system efficiency while maintaining robust power delivery and cost-effectiveness. The modular hybrid parallel design confers high scalability, enabling flexible adaptation to diverse vehicle platforms and operating profiles, thereby providing a versatile and compatible power electronics solution for a wide range of electrification applications. Adjustable Magnetic Field Motor The adjustable magnetic field motor features a breakthrough structural design that innovatively integrates auxiliary electric excitation windings. This design seamlessly combines the flexibility of magnetic field adjustment from electrically excited synchronous motors with the high efficiency characteristics of permanent magnet motors. It significantly reduces no-load drag losses and decreases such losses by 1.5% compared to traditional permanent magnet synchronous motors under peak power conditions. This effectively optimizes overall vehicle electrical consumption performance, providing a substantial improvement in the driving range for electric vehicles. XCM The company has launched an eXtended Control Module (XCM) product based on the needs of OEM, which can be compatible with multiple hybrid DHT products. This product adopts a unified envelope design, deeply integrating BOOST circuits, platformed structural components, and core electronic components. It further enhances cost-effectiveness through an innovative design that shares PCM+ODP housing. At the same time, it integrates the OD module with the main controller casing and merges VCU and TMS functions, providing a more efficient and economical electrical control solution for hybrid vehicles with a modular, highly compatible technical architecture. W-pin EM Based on topological structure, by eliminating end weld points and reducing end height, significantly improves motor efficiency and optimizes axial space. The stator closed slot design effectively suppresses torque ripple, greatly improving NVH performance. Most notably, this technology can be equipped with InfiMotion unique all-domain ultra-hybrid cross oil cooling system, which efficiently cools the winding ends without an oil ring, solving the issue of motor temperature rise. It provides a more compact, reduced-noise, and reliable solution for electric drive systems. Through this exhibition, the company look forward to exploring new trends in electric drive technology development with their peers in the industry, working together to build a more efficient, smarter, and more sustainable ecosystem for new energy vehicles, and jointly promoting electric mobility to new heights. Highlights about the company in EU and Wuxi: EU InfiMotion Technology is rapidly expanding its footprint in Europe, leveraging advanced manufacturing, strong R&D, and a clear focus on the needs of European automakers. With ambitious growth plans and a commitment to innovation, the company is well positioned to play a significant role in the ongoing electrification of the European automotive industry.     Business and Marketing Coordinator Jeanette Ångman saleseu@infimotiontec.com   InfiMotion Technology Europe AB Pumpgatan 1 417 55 Göteborg, Sweden",Technology,Science,Automobiles,"The TL 300 combines dual motors and dual reducers into a single, compact unit","the TL 300 seamlessly combines dual motors, dual reducers, and a common Power Control Module (PCM) into a single, compact unit. the company emphasized its dual-track strategy encompassing current development and future advancements.",". The TL 300 is an ultra-lightweight, highly integrated drive system engineered with magnesium alloy. the unit achieves a high degree of integration, leveraging an industry-first magnesium-aluminium alloy housing that yields 25% reduction in housing mass and over 10% decrease in total assembly mass compared to conventional designs. XCM The company has launched an eXtended Control Module based on the needs of OEM, which can be compatible with multiple hybrid products."
11,https://spectrumlocalnews.com/nc/triad/technology/2025/05/21/openai-io-jony-ive-sam-altman-ai-devices,OpenAI acquires company to make AI devices,"SAN FRANCISCO — The artificial intelligence company behind ChatGPT said Wednesday it will develop devices for individuals to use the technology. Partnering with the creative director of the Apple iPhone, OpenAI named Jony Ive as its creative and design director. What You Need To Know The artificial intelligence company behind ChatGPT said Wednesday it will develop devices for individuals to use the technology  Partnering with the creative director of the Apple iPhone, OpenAI named Jony Ive as its creative and design director  “I think we have the opportunity here to kind of completely reimagine what it means to use a computer,” OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said in a video announcement Wednesday  Ive is the founder of a startup called io Products that OpenAI has now acquired to help develop “the coolest piece of technology the world will have ever seen,” Altman said in the video “I think we have the opportunity here to kind of completely reimagine what it means to use a computer,” OpenAI co-founder and CEO Sam Altman said in a movie-like, nine-minute video posted to the company’s website Wednesday. Ive designed some of the most successful products in Apple history — the iPhone and Macbook Pro. He is also the founder of a startup called io that OpenAI has now acquired to help develop “the coolest piece of technology the world will have ever seen,” Altman said in the video. Altman said he already has one of the io prototypes, the details of which won’t be shared until next year. The technology products people are currently using are incredible, he said, but they are also decades old. “It’s just common sense to at least think, surely there’s something beyond these legacy products,” Altman said. “We have, like, magic intelligence in the cloud.” In a video structured as a conversation at a San Francisco coffee shop, Ive agreed that the technology of the past shouldn’t be the guidepost for the future. “You should look at the people who are making the decisions,” he said. “You should look at what drives and motivates and look at values.” Ive and the creative collective known as LoveFrom have been working with Altman for two years. In a joint statement, they said, “It became clear that our ambitions to develop, engineer and manufacture a new family of products demanded an entirely new company” called io. Its mission is to figure out how to create a family of devices “that would let people use AI to create all sorts of wonderful things,” Ive said. OpenAI currently makes a variety of products that use artificial intelligence, including the ChatGPT chatbot that can generate text and answer questions, the storytelling platform Sora and the image generator DALL-E 3.",Technology,Science,Opinion,OpenAI named Jony Ive as its creative and design director,openAI named Jony Ive as its creative and design director. Ive is the founder of a startup called io Products. he is also the founder of a startup called io that OpenAI has acquired.,the article in bullet points: SAN FRANCISCO — The artificial intelligence company behind ChatGPT said Wednesday it will develop devices for individuals to use the technology. Jony Ive is the founder of a startup called io Products that OpenAI has now acquired to help develop “the coolest piece of technology the world will have ever seen”
12,https://www.reuters.com/sustainability/sustainable-finance-reporting/uks-johnson-matthey-talks-sell-catalyst-technologies-unit-2025-05-21/,UK's Johnson Matthey in talks to sell Catalyst Technologies unit,Access not allowed,,,,,,
13,https://finovate.com/quadient-and-nuvei-forge-strategic-technology-partnership/,Quadient and Nuvei Forge Strategic Technology Partnership,"Business automation platform Quadient has inked a strategic partnership with payments company Nuvei. The partnership will integrate Nuvei’s advanced payment processing technology into Quadient’s cloud-based Accounts Receivable (AR) and Accounts Payable (AP) automation solutions. Headquartered in France, Quadient most recently demoed its technology on the Finovate stage at FinovateEurope 2018. France-based business automation platform Quadient has announced a strategic partnership with payments company Nuvei. The collaboration is designed to enhance cloud payment capabilities for businesses around the world, and will integrate Nuvei’s advanced payment processing technology into Quadient’s cloud-based Accounts Receivable (AR) and Accounts Payable (AP) automation solutions. “We’re empowering businesses to modernize and take control of their financial processes,” Quadient Chief Solution Officer, Digital, Chris Hartigan said. “With our cloud platform, we’re helping businesses streamline workflows, gain deeper financial insights, and build stronger relationships with customers and suppliers, driving efficiency and sustainable growth to succeed in an increasingly digital and regulated marketplace.” Integrating advanced global payment capabilities with customer onboarding, pay-ins and payouts, and risk management, Quadient helps businesses better manage cash flow, align payment terms, and move away from manual and siloed processes to streamlined, more efficient workflows. This is a challenge for more than half of small- and medium-sized businesses that rely on fragmented processes to handle their finances. To address this, Quadient offers a unified, scalable, cloud-based platform that automates accounts receivable and accounts payable over multiple currencies, payment options, and geographic regions. “By integrating our advanced payment processing technology into Quadient’s cloud platform, we’re enabling businesses to seamlessly manage transactions across multiple currencies and payment methods through a single, unified solution,” Nuvei Chair and CEO Philip Fayer said. “We look forward to supporting Quadient as it empowers its customers with customized solutions to accelerate their growth.” Founded in 2003, Nuvei offers modular, flexible, and scalable technologies that enable companies to accept next-generation payments, provide pay-outs, and take advantage of card issuing, banking, risk, and fraud management services. Headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, Nuvei supports 150+ currencies, more than 700 payment methods, and operates in 50+ local markets and 200+ global markets. Philip Fayer is Chair and CEO. Quadient made its Finovate debut in 2013, as GMC Software. The company rebranded to Quadient in 2017 and returned to the Finovate stage that year and again in 2018. Quadient’s partnership news comes just days after the company reported that it was working with Stasher, a UK-based luggage storage platform. The partnership will help significantly expand Stasher’s network in the UK, giving travelers in major UK cities such as London, Birmingham, York, Edinburgh, Newcastle, Cardiff, and Manchester secure and accessible luggage storage via 1,640+ Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers. Quadient currently has more than 25,700 smart locker units installed in the US, Japan, and Europe. The company hopes to deploy 40,000 units by 2030. Photo by Maël BALLAND",Technology,Finance,Business,Introducing Nuvei Payment Processing Technology to Quadient’s Cloud-Based Accounts Receivable Automation solutions,the partnership will integrate Nuvei’s advanced payment processing technology into Quadient’s cloud-based Accounts Receivable (AR) and Accounts Payable (AP) automation solutions. the collaboration is designed to enhance cloud payment capabilities for businesses around the world. the partnership is designed to enhance cloud payment capabilities for businesses around the world.,": Business automation platform Quadient has announced a strategic partnership with payments company Nuvei. the partnership is designed to enhance cloud payment capabilities for businesses around the world, and will integrate the advanced payment processing technology into the company’s cloud-based accounts receivable (AR) and Accounts Payable automation solutions. Founded in 2003, quadient supports 150+ currencies, more than 700 payment methods."
14,https://www.wbrc.com/2025/05/22/alabama-powers-self-healing-technology-helping-prevent-some-outages/,Alabama Power’s ‘self-healing technology’ helping prevent some outages,"BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (WBRC) - Tuesday night’s storms affected more than 30,000 Alabama Power customers. Even if your power stayed on, you might’ve seen your lights flicker. What you may not realize is that flicker is actually part of Alabama Power’s outage prevention technology. Media relations principal Anthony Cook said if your power goes out for a couple seconds before turning right back on, this means their self-healing technology is working. This happens when there’s a fault somewhere on the line, or a cause for an outage, but instead of you and your neighbors being out of power for an extended period of time, the lights come back quickly. Alabama Power has a system in place that identifies where the fault is and reroutes the power around it. While their line crews will go out and fix what caused the initial problem, you still have power. Cook said the technology has been in place for about three years now and they’ve since passed a million customers who’ve had their power restored through this technology. “If you come home from work and the, for instance, the clock on your stove is flashing, that’s probably what happened -- you had an outage occur at some point during the day and our system restored that outage quickly and you didn’t have an extended loss of power,” said Cook. Alabama Power says all customers impacted by Tuesday night’s storms should have their power restored by midnight Wednesday night. Get news alerts in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store or subscribe to our email newsletter here. Copyright 2025 WBRC. All rights reserved.",Technology,Opinion,Science,The Self-Healing Technology Is Working,"if your power goes out for a couple seconds before turning right back on, this means their self-healing technology is working. this happens when there’s a fault somewhere on the line, or a cause for an outage. the technology has been in place for about three years now.","- Tuesday night’s storms affected more than 30,000 Alabama Power customers. if your power goes out for a couple seconds before turning right back on, the lights come back quickly and you didn’t have an extended loss of power. the technology has been in place for about three years now and they’ve passed millions of customers."
15,https://news.airbnb.com/cracking-down-on-summer-holiday-parties-with-anti-party-technology/,Cracking down on summer holiday parties with anti-party technology,"As summer approaches, Airbnb is again rolling out proprietary anti-party technology across the US for Memorial Day and Fourth of July to promote responsible and safe stays. This marks the fourth consecutive year Airbnb has implemented these defenses to block certain bookings over these holidays with the aim of reducing the risk of disruptive parties, which are banned on our platform. Although incidents of disruptive parties on Airbnb are rare, we are committed to working to reduce the risk and helping hosts promote positive experiences in their homes and local neighborhoods. Our anti-party technology is designed to help identify and prevent certain attempts to book one-to-two-night stays in entire home listings that could be higher risk for a disruptive party. The system looks at a range of factors – including the type of listing being booked, the duration of the stay, the distance to the listing from the guest’s primary location and whether the booking is last minute – to determine whether a booking should be blocked. Guests who are prevented from booking an entire home will instead have the option to book alternative accommodations on Airbnb. Last year, these defenses saw approximately 51,000 people across the United States deterred from booking an entire home listing on the platform across both summer holiday weekends. This included approximately 7750 people in Texas, 7400 people in Florida, and 7030 people in California. This technology is part of a broader set of tools and policies Airbnb deploys to promote responsible travel and help hosts safeguard their spaces, especially during moments when demand is higher and the potential for disruption can increase. These measures have continued to help hosts protect their homes and neighbors’ peace of mind. Our heightened anti-party holiday system works in tandem with our global reservation screening technology, which is active year-round and leverages machine learning to try to identify and deter higher risk bookings in the US and globally. Since 2020, when we introduced our global party ban policy, we’ve seen an over 50 percent decrease in the rate of party reports to us in the US. In 2024, fewer than approximately 0.06 percent of reservations on Airbnb in the US resulted in a report of a party. Our further measures and resources to support hosts, guests and local communities and promote responsible travel and hosting include:",Business,Technology,Travel,This is the fourth consecutive year Airbnb has implemented these defenses to block certain bookings over these holidays,anti-party technology is designed to help identify and prevent attempts to book one-to-two-night stays in entire home listings that could be higher risk for a disruptive party. this marks the fourth consecutive year Airbnb has implemented these defenses to block certain bookings over these holidays.,"the article in bullet points: As summer approaches, Airbnb is again rolling out anti-party technology across the US. this marks the fourth consecutive year Airbnb has implemented these defenses to block certain bookings over these holidays - reducing the risk of disruptive parties. we are committed to helping hosts protect their homes and neighbors’ peace of mind."
16,https://www.kcbd.com/2025/05/22/east-90-business-park-reese-technology-center-kicks-off-expansion-project/,East 90 Business Park: Reese Technology Center kicks off expansion project,"LUBBOCK, Texas (KCBD) - Reese Technology Center is working to expand economic development in Lubbock County. Reese has started construction on East 90 Business Park, right across the street from the current campus west of Lubbock. Reese Technology Center CEO Murvat Musa says the new space will make room for an often-overlooked business sector, mid-sized manufacturing companies. “I think we focused in this country nationally on very large corporations and very small businesses, but we’re forgetting that there’s another section in there that we need to service,” she said. Musa says those mid-sized companies are looking for a place to land, but finding one in Lubbock has been difficult lately. “That type of space in Lubbock is leased. I don’t think there’s any capacity and we get tons of calls for that type of space. And so, there’s a demand for it, and that demand’s been ongoing for numerous years,” she said. A political subdivision of the state, the goal out at Reese is to create jobs and bring private investment to the region. Musa says that’s what it’s been doing for 28 years, since the Air Force base closed. To expand that mission, it’s started construction on East 90 Business Park, right across Research Boulevard. Musa hopes years from now, the 90 acres will be full of strong businesses. “The project we’re doing right now is only going to cover about a third of the property, but a third of the property is a lot of acres. That’s probably over 30 acres. And we can locate lots of customers there,” Musa said. Previously, the land was used for housing for Reese Air Force Base, so Musa says it took some time to get rid of the infrastructure from the neighborhood. “There were...I think about 400 houses that were located there, and they were taken out many years ago and it’s taken us quite a long time to figure out how to clean up the remainder of the infrastructure,” she said. The Economic Development Administration provided a $2 million grant to go alongside Reese’s $1.5 million to get the project going. Musa says that money will be poured back into the Lubbock economy through the businesses that will move to the park. “They bring jobs and that’s the number one thing that we’re charged to do. So, they’re going to bring jobs and those people are going to live in Lubbock and are going to spend their money in Lubbock and they’re going to buy houses in Lubbock. So, that just circulates more money into the economy,” Musa said. She expects construction for roads and infrastructure for the first portion of the park should be completed by the end of this fall. Copyright 2025 KCBD. All rights reserved.",Economy,Business,Finance,"'Reese': a political subdivision of the state, the goal out there is to create jobs and bring private investment to the region'","a political subdivision of the state, the goal out at Reese is to create jobs and bring private investment to the region. the project is only going to cover about a third of the property, but a third of the property is a lot of acres.","to expand economic development in Lubbock County. Reese Technology Center has started construction on East 90 Business Park, right across Research Boulevard. Previously, the land was used for housing for the Air Force Base, so it took some time to get rid of the infrastructure from the neighborhood."
17,https://mortgageorb.com/study-shows-how-important-technology-has-become-for-mortgage-lenders,Study Shows How Important Technology Has Become for Mortgage Lenders,"A new joint study by HFS Research and Cognizant shows how important technology has become for mortgage lenders and predicts that Agentic AI will become “the next big play,” as it merges “GenAI’s cognitive reasoning with automation’s precision — ushering in task-fulfilling ‘agents’ that scale beyond efficiency into execution.” “In the rapidly evolving landscape of non-bank mortgage lending, there is a critical need for innovation and agility,” says Ajay Pandita, senior vice president and financial services, fintech and insurance business unit leader, for Cognizant. “As we navigate through operational fatigue, regulatory pressures, and technological disruptions, it is imperative that we embrace purposeful innovation and redefine our strategies. The emergence of Agentic AI and IDP are just the beginning. By prioritizing technology with measurable outcomes and leveraging full-service partnerships, we can transform the mortgage lending journey and lead the industry into a new era of efficiency and value creation.” The study highlights how 2025 will be a turning point for lenders, as technology redefines experience, operations and value across the mortgage lifecycle. According to the report, 74% of non-bank lenders are betting on innovation to drive differentiation, while only 21% believe they are leading the pack — revealing a significant gap and opportunity to innovate. The report also reveals that only 51% of lenders feel fully prepared for compliance risk, with some receiving up to 1,700 regulatory alerts in 2024 — 25% with direct business impact. The report also shows that intelligent document processing (IDP) is winning over lenders for its fast returns—especially where paper still rules. The report, which draws on insights from 257 non-bank lenders and ecosystem partners, also explores how outsourcing is being redefined. Full-service partnerships are expected to rise from 30% to 42% by 2026, measured by growth outcomes instead of simply on cost. “The fundamentals of lending haven’t changed — the loan is still a loan,” says Saurabh Gupta, president, research and advisory services, HFS Research. “What’s changed is the speed, intelligence, and precision with which it’s delivered. This is no longer just about access to capital — it’s about how seamlessly, securely, and smartly capital flows through digital channels.” “The ones who go all-in — building digital-first, modular, and intelligent operations — will define the next era of mortgage lending,” Gupta says. “The rest? They risk being left behind.” Photo: Alexander Sinn",Technology,Finance,Business,: Agentic AI and IDP are just the beginning. 74% of non-bank lenders are betting on innovation to drive differentiation. only 21% believe they are leading the pack.,emergence of Agentic AI and IDP are just the beginning. 74% of non-bank lenders are betting on innovation to drive differentiation. only 21% believe they are leading the pack.,", a new joint study by HFS Research and Cognizant shows how important technology has become for non-bank mortgage lenders. the study highlights how 2025 will be the turning point for lenders, as technology redefines experience, operations and value across the mortgage lifecycle. 'The fundamentals of lending haven’t changed,' says Saurabh Gupta, president, research and advisory services, and reveals that only 51% of lenders feel fully prepared for compliance risk, with some receiving up to 1,700 regulatory"
18,https://ukstories.microsoft.com/features/challenging-stigma-mental-health-and-the-transformative-power-of-technology/,Challenging stigma: Mental health and the transformative power of technology,"Each May, Microsoft marks Mental Health Awareness Month, and this year’s theme is ‘Be Kind to your Mind’. We talk to three courageous Microsoft colleagues about their experiences with anxiety and how they deal with it, through openness, allyship and helpful technology. Click here to load media According to mental health charity Mind UK, 1-in-4 people will experience a mental health challenge of some kind each year in the UK, yet only a third will get any help. More than half say this is because of the stigma associated with admitting to poor mental health. This feature attempts to challenge that stigma. Clare Brown: From Burnout to Empowerment Industrial Sector Lead, Clare Brown, has faced battles with anxiety and ADHD. Her journey began with what she thought was high-functioning anxiety, but it wasn’t until her daughters were diagnosed with ADHD that she realised she too had the condition. This revelation led her to seek therapy and coaching, which she credits with saving her life. Clare’s turning point came during a period of high stress while working in a difficult environment before she joined Microsoft. “I was operating in a really toxic culture, working 20-hour days, and I was miserable,” she recalls. A family intervention made her realise she needed to make a change. “I thought I’d reached the pinnacle of my career, but I just wasn’t happy,” she says. At this point, Clare left her high-powered role and took a step back to focus on her values and purpose. Setting boundaries Through therapy, coaching, and practices like journaling and ‘box breathing’, Clare found her way back to herself. “I practised and practised and started doing things that I love,” she says. She also emphasises the importance of setting boundaries and having a routine to manage anxiety. “I have a very set end-of-work routine where I box breathe, journal, and visualise the best version of myself,” she explains. Clare Brown says playing a game on her mobile phone can be calming When feeling overwhelmed, Clare cites technology such as mobile gaming as a source of comfort in managing her anxiety. “The way I cope with overwhelm is to go on my phone and play a game. It focuses my mind and calms me down, but in a previous role I was told off for not focusing,” she says. Attitudes are different at Microsoft, she says. In a poignant moment of allyship, her colleague, Steve Chawner, noticed her playing games on her phone during a stressful event. “Steve leaned over and asked, ‘Is that helping you feel better?’ It was the kindest, most empathetic comment that put me at ease,” she says. Flora Rowe: Thriving with Anxiety Flora, a Client Solutions Manager in Microsoft Advertising, has lived with anxiety for most of her life. Her journey began in her early teen years, and she describes it as a series of functioning and non-functioning periods. “In my early teen years, I was definitely in the non-functioning part where socialising and doing normal things was really challenging,” she shares. As Flora grew older, she learned coping mechanisms and received support that helped her manage anxiety better, believing that anxiety has shaped her into a more empathetic and understanding person. “Anxiety has made me consider how other people feel and think about how we can be more inclusive,” she explains. “Sometimes just having a day with notifications off can be incredibly helpful“ Flora Rowe “Without doubt, therapy has been the most useful thing for managing anxiety,” but she also finds mindfulness practices and regularity helpful, she says. “Making sure I have a good routine and healthy outlets for my anxiety, like running or going to a gallery, is really important.” Technology has also played a crucial supporting role in Flora’s journey. She uses Headspace (an app available for free to Microsoft employees) every day and appreciates the flexibility within Teams to manage notifications. “Sometimes just having a day with notifications off can be incredibly helpful,” she says. And while “social media can be anxiety-inducing,” she says, “it has also been so helpful finding communities and people to share tips with.” Faith la Grange: Creating Safe Spaces Faith La Grange, the Area Consulting Lead for the UK at Microsoft, has a profound understanding of mental health, having trained as a counsellor and psychotherapist. Her journey began with a desire to support others, both in her personal life and at work. “It gave me a really clear view and understanding of what people are going through when they’re struggling with mental health issues,” she says. Faith emphasises the importance of creating safe spaces where individuals can express their vulnerabilities without fear of judgment. “For me, it all starts with being a safe space for somebody to come and show their vulnerability and talk about the things that are really concerning them,” she explains. This approach makes her a trusted confidant and ally, both at work and in her personal life, she feels. ‘To Do’ list anxiety Faith also highlights the role of technology in managing anxiety, particularly as a reminder tool. “Breathing is amazing. To be able to just sit and do a box-breathing exercise to centre yourself is brilliant,” she says. “I wear a watch that reminds me to do them. It can be helpful when, in the moment, you’re too hyped up to be able to really think about how you how you calm yourself down.” “Using Copilot to prepare and prioritise can help people manage some of the overwhelming anxiety they feel“ Faith la Grange Additionally, Faith mentions how Microsoft’s Copilot feature has transformative power in reducing anxiety by helping people prepare for meetings and manage overwhelming tasks. “I remember during a manager session we had someone discuss using Copilot to prepare, whether it’s for an anxiety-inducing meeting or prioritising your inbox when returning from holiday” she recalls. “It can feel like the to-do list is insurmountable, but using Copilot to prepare and prioritise can help people manage some of the overwhelming anxiety they feel.” Allyship and technology Ellie Jeffries, Nuffield Health’s Wellbeing Manager who has spearheaded mental health awareness campaigns for Microsoft, says: “The stories of Faith, Clare, and Flora serve to remind us of the importance of allyship and creating safe spaces. “By being open about their mental health journeys and how they support others, and have been supported themselves, they foster an environment where individuals feel empowered to seek help and be their authentic selves. “Their resilience, supported by the power of technology, reminds us that we are not alone in our mental health journeys. Together, we can create a more supportive and inclusive world.”",Health,Business,Opinion,This article attempts to challenge stigma associated with admitting to poor mental health,1 in 4 people will experience a mental health challenge of some kind each year in the uk. more than half say this is because of the stigma associated with admitting to poor mental health. this feature attempts to challenge that stigma associated with admitting to poor mental health.,"to help people manage overwhelming anxiety, she says. Clare Brown: From Burnout to Empowerment Industrial Sector Lead, has lived with anxiety for most of her life. her journey began with what she thought was high-functioning anxiety. she has trained as a counsellor and psychotherapist at Nuffield Health. Faith la Grange: ‘To Do’ list anxiety Faith highlights the importance of allyship and creating safe spaces."
19,https://blogs.icrc.org/law-and-policy/2025/05/22/the-shifting-battlefield-technology-tactics-and-the-risk-of-blurring-lines-of-warfare/,"The shifting battlefield: technology, tactics, and the risk of blurring lines of warfare","The accelerating integration of emerging technologies into armed conflict is transforming not only the tools of war, but its tactics, geography, participants and impact. Technological developments – from commercial drones to artificial intelligence, electronic warfare to the military use of civilian infrastructure – risk undermining boundaries between military and civilian domains. These changes challenge long-held assumptions about the character and conduct of warfare, how wars are fought in practice, while raising legal and humanitarian concerns for the protection of civilians and the preservation of the principle of distinction. In this post, Ruben Stewart, ICRC Adviser on New Technologies of Warfare, explores the drivers and implications of this transformation. He focuses on how evolving technologies and trends are influencing the conduct of hostilities and impacting the protection of civilians. He underscores the urgent need to uphold legal norms amid these shifts, particularly the principle of distinction, ensuring that complexity does not become a pretext for non-compliance. At the heart of his analysis is a call to reckon with the profound humanitarian consequences these changes impose on those caught in conflict. The character of armed conflict is changing. Innovations once confined to the science fiction genre or laboratories are deployed on today’s battlefields. At the same time, new methods of warfare are emerging that risk blurring long-standing lines: between military and civilian, physical and digital, and activities that are part of an armed conflict and those that aren’t. This transformation is not merely technological; it is conceptual, doctrinal, and strategic. Conflict today is shaped by three overarching and interconnected trends: the pursuit of reduced risk driven by force protection considerations, the drive to increase lethality, and the growing integration of civilians and civilian objects into military activities. Each poses distinctive challenges to the protection of civilian populations, the application of international humanitarian law (IHL), and risks shaking some of the very assumptions that underlie the conduct of war. The rise of uncrewed and autonomous systems Arguably the most visible and widely adopted military innovation of the last decade has been the proliferation of uncrewed systems: drones in the air, vehicles on the ground, and vessels at sea. Once accessible only to a handful of technologically advanced states, they are now a near-ubiquitous feature of contemporary warfare, including by non-state armed groups (NSAG). Two categories dominate this landscape. First are commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) systems repurposed for military use that are affordable, adaptable, and often disposable. Originally designed and built for civilian use they are now used for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR), Command and Control and Communications (C3) and, increasingly, to undertake attacks. Second are purpose-built uncrewed systems designed specifically for military operations. These include long-range strike drones, autonomous loitering munitions, and ground-based platforms for combat support, logistics, and even medical evacuation. Production figures from ongoing conflicts demonstrate the scale of this transformation. Where once only a few states had access to a limited number of systems, the majority of state militaries now have access to fleets of systems, some numbering in the millions. These numbers indicate not just tactical adaptation but a fundamental shift in how military force is generated and projected. Uncrewed maritime and ground vehicles are also rapidly advancing. Naval drones have been used in offensive operations against ships, coastal targets, helicopters and fixed wing aircraft. Ground platforms are being trialled and deployed for everything from mine-laying to combat support. A recent joint operation conducted entirely by uncrewed systems, albeit at limited scale, offers a glimpse of what fully automated conflict might one day entail. Seeing everything, everywhere, all the time: persistent sensors and the information environment Another defining feature of today’s battlefield is the explosion in data collection and sensor integration. Modern militaries and non-state actors rely on a vast array of inputs such as thermal imaging and night vision devices, Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR), radar, acoustic sensors, metadata, and satellite feeds to create a common operational picture (COP). But this COP is not generated by military assets alone. Civilian devices, especially mobile phones, serve as both intelligence gathering and command, control and communication systems. Phone users can knowingly collect and transmit battlefield intelligence but in other instances, their devices are used without their knowledge to locate, track, and categorize them for potential targeting. Vast amounts of personal data, such as call logs, app metadata, and geolocations can be harvested from civilian sources, processed by AI-enabled systems, and repurposed for targeting, profiling, or influence operations. To facilitate the transfer and processing of this information, there has also been a merging of civilian and military information infrastructure and tools. Commercial satellites, data centres, civilian software and telecommunications networks are now routinely used to translate, categorize and store communications intercepted by the military, transmit battlefield data, and facilitate command and control. The legal implications are stark. When civilian digital infrastructure becomes instrumental to military operations, it may also become a military objective. In addition, individuals risk being targeted not for what they do, but for what their devices appear to reveal about them. The invisible battlefield: electronic warfare and communication interference As reliance on digital communication has grown, so too has the vulnerability of these systems. Electronic Warfare (EW), including jamming, spoofing, and signal interception has become a central component of contemporary conflict. In some engagements, EW has reduced the accuracy of precision-guided munitions from a margin of error of under 20 metres to more than a kilometre. Crewed and uncrewed aerial systems have been grounded, forced to abort their flights, or lost due to jamming. Encrypted radios have been captured or rendered useless, forcing operators to revert to analogue tools such as paper maps and using commercial mobile phones. Commercially available jammers are now in use by non-state actors to disrupt communication and navigation. In addition to their tactical effects, electronic emissions themselves create risks: even brief emissions can reveal a unit’s location for targeting. In response, some militaries are adopting more resilient systems, such as fibre-optic communication lines for drones. Others are experimenting with autonomous weapons that do not require an active control link at all, effectively removing humans from a decision-making role. Artificial intelligence and the speed of war Artificial intelligence (AI) is rapidly becoming a tool in how wars are fought. AI is being used to identify targets, analyze and manage sensor data, translate communications, and plan and coordinate uncrewed operations. In conflict, AI-enabled systems can compress the “kill chain” (the sequence from detection to strike) from minutes to seconds. In some applications, AI has reportedly been used to recommend targets and even facilitate strikes with apparently limited human review. Current AI systems are generally designed to support, rather than replace, human decision-making. But this support can become substitution when decisions are made at such speed that human oversight is functionally impossible – a condition sometimes described as “AI singularity”. Beyond targeting, AI is being integrated into logistics, surveillance, and strategic planning. Militaries are pursuing “human–machine teaming” concepts, pairing AI powered platforms with crewed systems to enhance operational efficiency. Aerial “loyal wingman” systems – uncrewed aircraft that fly alongside piloted jets – are already operational in some contexts. As AI systems mature, their influence will likely extend across all levels of warfare. At the same time, questions remain about legal accountability, error rates, and the ability to meaningfully apply IHL to systems that adapt in ways not even their designers may fully understand. The increasing use of long-range strike and hypersonic weapons Another notable trend is the expanded use of long-range and high-velocity weapons, including extended range drones, ballistic missiles, cruise missiles, and increasingly, hypersonic glide vehicles. These systems allow actors to strike targets over 1,000 kilometres away – far from the front lines and often deep within the opponent’s territory. These long-range capabilities have been generated by developing new systems and in other cases by retrofitting existing munitions with enhancements that extend their range and converting existing systems such as air-defence missiles to be used in a ground-attack role. Hypersonic weapons – defined as those travelling at more than five times the speed of sound – are particularly concerning due to their manoeuvrability and speed, which render many existing missile defences ineffective. Trials and deployments are increasing, with some of the first operational uses reported in 2024. The implications for civilian safety are clear: as the range and speed of weapons increase, so does the vulnerability of critical infrastructure and population centres far from frontlines, and often without the mitigation of timely warnings or effective interception by air defence systems. The expanding domain of warfare Modern warfare is no longer confined to land, sea, and air – there is increasing military activity in the cyber and space domains, as well as in the information environment. Cyber operations targeting public infrastructure, communications networks, and transportation systems have become more frequent. Activities below the threshold of armed conflict such as GPS interference affecting civilian aviation, cyber sabotage, and disinformation campaigns are now routine features of interstate competition. In space, the sheer number of satellites launched in recent years, often numbering in the hundreds in a single year, illustrate the growing centrality of space for ISR and C3. The jamming, spoofing, or even physical interference of both military and commercial satellites and concerns about the use of nuclear-generated electromagnetic pulses (EMP) to disable low Earth orbit satellites underscore the fragility of this domain. From defence to “total defence” In response to the growing scale and complexity of threats, several states have adopted “total defence” strategies, i.e. whole-of-society approaches that integrate military, civilian, economic, and technological resources into national security planning. These strategies often include guidance for civilians on how to prepare for emergencies, maintain essential services, and, in some cases, contribute to national defence efforts. Additionally, national defence frameworks include considerations of how tech companies and civilian critical infrastructure such as telecommunications, ICT services, and satellite networks may be used to support military defence efforts. While civilian involvement may enhance states’ resilience, involving civilians more directly in support roles – such as information gathering, logistics, or civil resistance – raises serious humanitarian concerns. For instance, the closer civilians and civilian ICT infrastructure are drawn into military activities, the greater the risk of exposure to harm and the more challenging respect for the principle of distinction under international humanitarian law. States implementing total defence models should consider how to balance preparedness with protection, ensuring that civilians remain safeguarded from the effects of hostilities and are not placed at unnecessary risk through their involvement in military operations. Humanitarian consequences and the need for reflection Across all these developments, one worrying trend is constant: the increasing blurring of civilian and military domains. Whether through the military use of COTS technologies, the use of civilian infrastructure for military purposes, or the mobilization of civilians themselves, the line between combatant and non-combatant risks becoming ever more difficult to draw. This is particularly relevant where the military use of civilians or civilian objects raises questions about the compatibility of such use with the obligation to protect them from the effects of hostilities under IHL. If the line between civilians and the military becomes blurred, the principle of distinction, the obligation to differentiate between military objectives and civilian persons and objects, becomes harder to implement. So too are rules relating to proportionality, precautions in attack, and the protection of civilian infrastructure. Moreover, as warfare becomes faster, more automated, and more data-driven, the scope for meaningful human judgement narrows. Decisions with life-or-death consequences may be made at machine speed and based on inputs and programming that are invisible to human operators. Conclusion: towards a more complex battlespace The battlespace of the future will be shaped by three converging trends: the reduction of risk through uncrewed and long-range systems and automation of dangerous tasks; the pursuit of greater lethality through networks of sensors, faster decision making, and multi-domain operations; and we risk seeing a growing military integration of civilians and civilian objects, from infrastructure and COTS tools, through to total defence strategies. These innovations and their employment must be matched by greater consideration of the consequences and adoption of safeguards to reduce the risk of civilian harm. As the character of conflict evolves, armed actors must constantly refer back to legal, ethical, and humanitarian frameworks guiding their application. Technology can reshape how wars are fought, but their causes and whom they affect remain relatively constant. As the lines blur and warfare accelerates, it becomes ever more urgent to hold firm to the principles and rules that distinguish armed conflict from indiscriminate violence, namely international humanitarian law. These norms are not optional – they are essential to preserving our shared humanity. Far from being a burden, those norms offer a framework to navigate complexity, impose clarity amid confusion, and help ensure that technological innovation does not come at the expense of civilian lives. See also:",Politics,Technology,Opinion,The Story of armed conflict is changing: innovation once confined to science fiction genre or laboratories are deployed on today’s battlefields,"new technologies and trends are influencing the conduct of hostilities and impacting the protection of civilians. the character of armed conflict is changing: innovation once confined to science fiction genre or laboratories are deployed on today’s battlefields. this transformation is not merely technological; it is conceptual, doctrinal, and strategic.","technology is transforming the tools of war, but its tactics, geography, participants and impact. this transformation is not merely technological; it is conceptual, doctrinal, and strategic - a call to reckon with the profound humanitarian consequences these changes impose on those caught in conflict. ICRC Adviser on new technologies of warfare, explores the drivers and implications of this change."
20,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4789036-marvell-technology-potentially-a-top-ai-opportunity,Marvell Technology: Potentially A Top AI Opportunity (NASDAQ:MRVL),"Marvell Technology (NASDAQ: MRVL ) is down over 40% year to date, and I think it could be an incredible opportunity for tech, AI, or growth investors. The stock is down nearly 50% from its all-time highs set at the start of this year, and My name is Jake Blumenthal, I serve as a Wealth Management Advisor & Portfolio Analyst at Meridian Wealth Management, a registered investment advisory. I use a combination of financial, technical, and macroeconomic analysis to best support my clients, form my opinions, and develop investment theses. My research and data analysis shared allow me to clearly review the growth and value of companies along with a vast selection of funds and themes. It also enables me to identify both short-term trends and long-term opportunities. I strive to find winners for investors to grow portfolios and mitigate risk by utilizing different valuation methods and modeling techniques. Analyst’s Disclosure: I/we have a beneficial long position in the shares of MRVL either through stock ownership, options, or other derivatives. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.  Jake Blumenthal is a Registered Investment Advisor and Portfolio Analyst with Meridian Wealth Management, an SEC Registered Investment Advisor. The views and opinions expressed in the following content are solely those of Jake Blumenthal and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of his employer, Meridian Wealth Management. The content provided is for informational purposes only and should not be considered as financial advice or a recommendation to engage in any investment or financial strategy, including the buy or sell of any specific security. Readers are encouraged to conduct their own research and consult with a qualified financial professional before making any investment decisions. Meridian Wealth Management does not endorse or take responsibility for any content shared by Jake Blumenthal outside of his official duties at the company. Seeking Alpha's Disclosure: Past performance is no guarantee of future results. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. Any views or opinions expressed above may not reflect those of Seeking Alpha as a whole. Seeking Alpha is not a licensed securities dealer, broker or US investment adviser or investment bank. Our analysts are third party authors that include both professional investors and individual investors who may not be licensed or certified by any institute or regulatory body.",Finance,Opinion,Business,: The stock is down nearly 50% from its all-time highs set at the start of this year,"the stock is down nearly 50% from its all-time highs set at the start of this year. I use a combination of financial, technical, and macroeconomic analysis to best support my clients. I strive to find winners for investors to grow portfolios.",", or opinions expressed above may not reflect those of Seeking Alpha as a whole. The content provided is for informational purposes only and should not be considered as financial advice or recommendation to engage in any investment or financial strategy, including the buy or sell of any specific security. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article."
21,https://www.10news.com/middle-school-students-build-custom-guitars-in-innovative-technology-class,Middle school students build custom guitars in innovative technology class,"SAN DIEGO — Students at De Portolla Middle School are turning piles of parts into musical masterpieces as part of an innovative technology program that teaches engineering skills through guitar building. Seventh-grader Gavin Avalon recently completed his own custom electric guitar under the guidance of Kevin White, who was named Teacher of the Year. ""Dream job would be to be in engineering and, um, like robotics and stuff so I think this was like perfect path to go down,"" Avalon said. The guitar-building program is part of White's Gateway to Technology course, which he enhanced four years ago to include this unique hands-on project. ""Mr. White has helped me through every single bit,"" Avalon said. White's program stands out among similar technology courses in the district. ""Many of the schools in the county and especially in our district have a gateway to tech program, but this is the only one that has this level 2 and the guitar program,"" White said. The program is funded through grants that allow White to purchase guitar kits and wood for students to craft their own custom instruments. ""It's a completely custom shape that they designed. They get their own pick guards. Some students were even doing little laser animation cuts and things like that into their bodies,"" White said. While the building process takes an entire semester to complete, White finds the most rewarding aspect is watching students develop confidence in their abilities. ""Seeing them go from the 'oh my gosh, we're going to build an electric guitar' to the finished product, and then they're like, 'you know what, that wasn't as hard as I thought it was gonna be,'"" White said. The program has inspired students like Avalon to continue exploring music beyond the classroom. ""I think I'm gonna try to practice and try to play the guitar while I have it,"" Avalon said. This story was reported by a journalist and has been converted to this platform with the assistance of AI. Our editorial team verifies all reporting on all platforms for fairness and accuracy.",Education,Technology,Editorial,The guitar-building program is part of white’s gateway to technology course,students at de Portolla middle school are turning piles of parts into musical masterpieces. the guitar-building program is part of white's gateway to technology course. the program is funded through grants that allow students to craft guitar kits and wood.,", SAN DIEGO — Students at De Portolla Middle School are turning piles of parts into musical masterpieces. the guitar-building program is part of White's Gateway to Technology course, which teaches engineering skills through guitar building. seventh-grader Gavin Avalon recently completed his own custom electric guitar under the guidance of Kevin White."
22,https://www.vendingtimes.com/podcasts/expanding-unattended-retail-with-byte-technology/,Expanding unattended retail with Byte Technology,"Expanding unattended retail with Byte Technology Explore how Byte Technology is revolutionizing unattended retail, opening new markets beyond traditional vending with smart kiosk solutions. Photo: Networld Media Group May 22, 2025 On this episode of the Automation and Self Service Podcast, we're discussing the evolving world of smart kiosks and automated retail. This episode features a conversation with Sandra Carpenter, editor of Vending Times and Kiosk Marketplace, and Lee Mokri, Founder and VP of Sales at Byte Technology. Discover how Byte's versatile technology is expanding unattended retail beyond traditional vending, enabling new opportunities in diverse sectors like healthcare, higher education and niche consumer markets. Mokri and Carpenter discuss how Byte's innovative solutions are transforming access to goods and services. From providing 24/7 fresh meals in hospitals to enabling ranchers to sell frozen meats directly to consumers, you'll hear how smart kiosks are redefining the landscape of commerce. Tune in to explore the future of automated retail. Subscribe to Networld Media Group's YouTube channel to keep up with the latest Automation and Self-Service podcasts.",Business,Technology,Science,How Byte Technology is expanding unattended retail beyond traditional vending,"this episode features a conversation with Sandra Carpenter, editor of Vending Times and Kiosk Marketplace, and Lee Mokri, Founder and VP of Sales at Byte Technology. explore how Byte technology is expanding unattended retail beyond traditional vending.",": Expanding unattended retail with Byte Technology Explore the evolving world of smart kiosks and automated retail. This episode features a conversation with Sandra Carpenter, editor of Vending Times and Kiosk Marketplace, and Lee Mokri, Founder and VP of Sales at Bytes Technology. Learn how Byite's versatile technology is revolutionizing u.s. retail, opening new markets beyond traditional vending enabling new opportunities in diverse sectors like healthcare, higher education and niche consumer markets."
23,https://www.just-auto.com/news/foton-huawei-sign-truck-electrification-technology-partnership/,"Foton, Huawei sign truck electrification technology partnership","Huawei Digital Power’s ultra-fast charging for heavy-duty trucks. Chinese state-owned truck-maker Beiqi Foton Motor Company has signed an agreement with Huawei Digital Power Technologies Company to collaborate on the development of electrification technologies for battery-powered heavy-duty trucks and in establishing an ultra-fast recharging network. Foton confirmed that the two companies aim to accelerate the transition of battery-powered heavy trucks from just “limited-use cases” at present to “an era of fully electric logistics,” which it says will significantly help reduce logistics costs and carbon emissions. The two companies plan to leverage their respective strengths in the partnership, with Foton contributing its commercial vehicle expertise, while Huawei Digital Power focuses on integrating digital and power electronics technologies. They are looking to address some key challenges facing battery-powered heavy-duty trucks, including extended charging times and low operational efficiency. Earlier this year Huawei Digital Power launched its “megawatt-level” ultra-fast charging solution tailored for heavy-duty trucks, which the company claims delivers a stable output of 2,400 amps, making it four times more efficient than conventional charging networks. It claims its chargers can provide a heavy truck with a 100 km range with a “five-minute charge.” Foton is looking to accelerate the launch of commercial vehicle models compatible with the new charging standard, which it says will allow it to provide smarter, more energy-efficient solutions for the commercial vehicle ecosystem. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence Sign up for our daily news round-up! Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Sign up",Transportation,Business,Technology,China’s beiqi Foton Motor Company has signed an agreement with Huawei to collaborate on the development of electrification technologies for battery-powered heavy-duty trucks,"china state-owned truck-maker beiqi Foton Motor Company has signed an agreement with Huawei Digital Power Technologies Company to collaborate on the development of electrification technologies for battery-powered heavy-duty trucks. the two companies plan to leverage their respective strengths in the partnership, with Foton contributing its commercial vehicle expertise.",", which is four times more efficient than conventional charging networks. Huawei Digital Power is looking to accelerate the transition of battery-powered heavy-duty trucks from just “limited-use cases” at present to “an era of fully electric logistics” it says will significantly help reduce logistics costs and carbon emissions. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis."
24,https://www.kcbd.com/video/2025/05/22/reese-technology-center-begins-construction-east-90-business-park/,Reese Technology Center begins construction of East 90 Business Park,,,,,Give a suitable Provocative and attention-grabbing headline for the article (only one),a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a.,Extraextraget minimum 4 key key takeaways from the article in bullet points: extract minimum 5 key points et extrait minimum 3 key axes tirés de l article:
25,https://www.temenos.com/press_release/temenos-survey-reveals-banks-doubling-down-on-technology-modernization/,Temenos survey reveals banks doubling down on technology modernization to drive customer experience,"MADRID, Spain – May 22, 2025 – At the Temenos Community Forum ’25 in Madrid, Temenos, a global leader in banking technology, shared insights from a global study by Hanover Research of 424 business and technology leaders in financial services that underscores a bold shift in banking priorities. The research shows financial institutions are accelerating investments in technology, and placing customer experience, innovation, and operational efficiency at the top of their strategic agendas. Investing in technology to improve customer experience emerged as the top strategic priority for 46% of banks worldwide, followed closely by the launch of new products and services (35%), and the pursuit of greater operational efficiency (34%). In the face of rapid geopolitical changes, banks need to modernize to be able to predict, understand and adapt rapidly to market changes; capabilities their legacy systems are not equipped to deliver. To meet these demands, (77%) of financial institutions are investing in data analytics and AI-driven insights and 68% in cloud-based core banking systems, all while maintaining a strong focus on protecting both themselves and their customers as a priority. Amid the turbulence of inflation, tariffs and trade tensions, most banks anticipate they will increase investment in technology to better protect customers (84%) and technology to enhance operational efficiency (81%). In addition, three quarters of banks plan to increase their investments to improve systems integration (75%) and data analytics (73%). Most professionals (81%) agree that if banks do not implement artificial intelligence they will fall behind competitors. While only 11% of banks have fully implemented generative AI today, 43% are in the process, indicating more than half are moving forward with real deployment. Notably, 60% of banking professionals view AI as a tool to augment, not replace the human workforce. In her plenary keynote at TCF, Isabelle Guis, Chief Marketing Officer, Temenos, said: “The message is clear: while banks continue to invest in modernization, they’re doing so with a close eye on evolving market dynamics. Financial institutions understand that staying competitive means being ready to adapt and there’s a growing recognition that failing to embrace AI soon could leave them behind.” The study results pertaining to AI and Gen AI were discussed on a recent webinar with Jerry Silva, Program Vice President, IDC, Maya Mikhailov, Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Savvi AI and Isabelle Guis, Chief Marketing Officer at Temenos (link). About the research Conducted by Hanover Research in April 2025, the survey captured insights from 424 senior banking executives across retail, commercial, credit union, and wealth management sectors. All respondents held director-level or higher roles in IT or business functions overseeing products, services, or strategy. The survey had a global reach, with participants from North America (47%), Europe (24%), the Middle East & Africa (17%), Latin America (6%), and Australia/New Zealand (6%).",,,,Investing in technology to improve customer experience emerged as the top strategic priority for 46% of banks worldwide,"study by Hanover Research shows financial institutions are accelerating investments in technology, and placing customer experience, innovation, and operational efficiency at the top of their strategic agendas. Investing in technology to improve customer experience emerged as the top strategic priority for 46% of banks worldwide.","and Gen AI were discussed at the Temenos Community Forum ’25 in Madrid. the study captured insights from 424 senior banking executives across retail, commercial, credit union, and wealth management sectors. 77%) of financial institutions are investing in data analytics and AI-driven insights. 68% in cloud-based core banking systems, all while maintaining a strong focus on protecting customers."
26,https://www.wbrc.com/video/2025/05/22/technology-helping-prevent-power-outages/,Technology helping prevent power outages,,,,,Give a suitable Provocative and attention-grabbing headline for the article (only one),a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a.,Extraextraget minimum 4 key key takeaways from the article in bullet points: extract minimum 5 key points et extrait minimum 3 key axes tirés de l article:
27,https://news.okstate.edu/magazines/agriculture/cowboy-journal/articles/2025/v27n2/cj_bravobravo.html,Bravo! Bravo! OSU Agriculture IT team earns inaugural Bravo award for pioneering technology,"Bravo! Bravo! OSU Agriculture IT team earns inaugural Bravo award for pioneering technology Media Contact: Sophia Fahleson | Digital Communications Specialist | 405-744-7063 | sophia.fahleson@okstate.edu Behind every groundbreaking project is a team whose hard work might go unnoticed. In December 2024, the OSU Agriculture Information Technology Team received the inaugural Bravo Award for their preparation and ability to execute the technology plans for the new Agricultural Hall, a key facility to research and education. The team, however, was unaware they would receive an award. “It was a surreal moment because it was a huge surprise for all of us when our names were called to receive the Bravo Award,” said Mike Rasmussen, OSU Agriculture IT manager. IT teams are not used to having the spotlight on them, he added. Team members like to stay behind the computer and receive satisfaction from positive feedback from faculty and staff, he added. The Bravo Award recognized the OSU Agriculture IT team for their behind-the-scenes contributions that made Agricultural Hall operational, said Jayson Lusk, vice president and dean of OSU Agriculture. “The work included new technologies that advanced the educational opportunities for students,” said Dwayne Hunter, senior director of OSU Agriculture IT. The planning process to implement the technology infrastructure was monumental because of the timeliness of the project, Lusk said. “We were tasked with integrating technology that wasn’t used anywhere else on campus,” Hunter said. “It was a big challenge, but also it was a huge opportunity for us. “We had to ensure every system worked seamlessly and met the needs of both the faculty and students,” he added. “It was groundbreaking for our division, and it set a new standard for the kinds of tools we can provide.” The IT team got a first look at the building before moving technology to allow the team to approach this project appropriately, Hunter said. Faculty members had visions and goals they wanted to meet in the new building regarding technology, Rasmussen said. “We really listened to the faculty about what they needed in the new space,” Rasmussen said. “The five new computer labs were designed with that feedback in mind, and they are equipped with more advanced technology than ever before.” OSU Agriculture includes more than 150 faculty members, and each one has computers, monitors, and often multiple devices. For those moving into the new building, this technology had to be relocated and set up in a timely way, Lusk said. The challenge was not only moving the equipment but also ensuring the software functioned as seamlessly as it did before, Hunter said. The new computer labs needed to operate correctly — including a new agricultural communications classroom where Cowboy Journal is produced — and required entirely new systems, he added. This meant installing new computers, loading applications, and ensuring everything was properly set up, Lusk said. Despite the challenge, Hunter and Rasmussen had a solid team to support each other, Lusk said. Each person had a pivotal role, he added. Rasmussen was entrusted in setting up the computer labs, Hunter said. Other team members prepared faculty suites and huddle rooms. “Everyone had a clear role,” Hunter said. “Each person took ownership of their area. The real sense of teamwork made all the difference.” This dedication and teamwork brought about the surprise recognition, which the team received at the 2024 Annual Employee Appreciation Awards Luncheon. “We had no idea we were even getting the award,” Rasmussen said. “Dwayne Hunter just asked us to come to the luncheon, which is normal, so it took us completely by surprise.” Lusk knew the importance of recognizing IT’s contributions, he said. “The Bravo Award is a way to say thank you and job well done,” Lusk said. “I don’t think we do enough of that at times. Certainly, when we step back and think about the individuals or groups who are deserving of an extra pat on the back, IT was the first to come to mind.” Hunter was a bit uneasy about going on stage to receive the award, he said, but pleased because he felt the team’s efforts were appreciated. “I think to have that tangible recognition allows us to feel what we’ve done is valued,” Hunter said. “It shows the effort and energy we spent on the project was worth it.” With the Bravo Award now established, the OSU Agriculture IT team has set an example for departments and other college to follow, Rasmussen said. “Recognizing exceptional work helps set standards for excellence,” Hunter said. “It is a reminder that behind every successful project, there’s often a team making it all possible.” Story by Elena Santiago | Cowboy Journal",,,,The Bravo Award recognizes the team for their behind-the-scenes contributions that made Agricultural Hall operational,the Bravo Award recognizes the team for their behind-the-scenes contributions. the award recognizes the team for their behind-the-scenes contributions that made Agricultural Hall operational. the new computer labs needed to operate correctly and required new systems.,", he said. “We were tasked with integrating technology that wasn’t used anywhere else on campus”. the Bravo Award recognized the team for their behind-the-scenes contributions that made the new Agricultural Hall operational. a new classroom where Cowboy Journal is produced — and required entirely new systems. this meant installing new computers, loading applications, and ensuring everything was properly set up."
28,https://www.morningstar.com/news/business-wire/20250521969844/toyoda-gosei-launches-horizontal-recycling-technology-for-plastic-automotive-parts,Toyoda Gosei Launches Horizontal Recycling Technology for Plastic Automotive Parts,Access not allowed,,,,,,
29,https://www.technologyreview.com/2025/05/20/1116287/ai-data-centers-nevada-water-reno-computing-environmental-impact/,The data center boom in the desert,"Switch, a data center company based in Las Vegas, says the full build-out of its campus at the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center could exceed seven million square feet. EMILY NAJERA The full scale and potential environmental impacts of the developments aren’t known, because the footprint, energy needs, and water requirements are often closely guarded corporate secrets. Most of the companies didn’t respond to inquiries from MIT Technology Review, or declined to provide additional information about the projects. But there’s “a whole lot of construction going on,” says Kris Thompson, who served as the longtime project manager for the industrial center before stepping down late last year. “The last number I heard was 13 million square feet under construction right now, which is massive.” Indeed, it’s the equivalent of almost five Empire State Buildings laid out flat. In addition, public filings from NV Energy, the state’s near-monopoly utility, reveal that a dozen data-center projects, mostly in this area, have requested nearly six gigawatts of electricity capacity within the next decade. That would make the greater Reno area—the biggest little city in the world—one of the largest data-center markets around the globe. It would also require expanding the state’s power sector by about 40%, all for a single industry in an explosive growth stage that may, or may not, prove sustainable. The energy needs, in turn, suggest those projects could consume billions of gallons of water per year, according to an analysis conducted for this story. Construction crews are busy building data centers throughout the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center. EMILY NAJERA The build-out of a dense cluster of energy and water-hungry data centers in a small stretch of the nation’s driest state, where climate change is driving up temperatures faster than anywhere else in the country, has begun to raise alarms among water experts, environmental groups, and residents. That includes members of the Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe, whose namesake water body lies within their reservation and marks the end point of the Truckee River, the region’s main source of water.",,,,EMILY NAJERA The build-out of a dense cluster of energy and water-hungry data centers has begun to raise alarms,"EMILY NAJERA The build-out of a dense cluster of energy and water-hungry data centers in a small stretch of the nation’s driest state has begun to raise alarms among water experts, environmental groups, and residents. the build-out of a dense cluster of energy and water-hungry data centers in a small stretch of the nation’s driest state has begun to raise alarms.",", a data center company based in Las Vegas, says the full build-out could exceed seven million square feet. EMILY NAJERA The energy needs, in turn, suggest those projects could consume billions of gallons of water per year, according to an analysis conducted for this story. climate change is driving up temperatures faster than anywhere else in the country."
30,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/21/3086171/14450/en/Micron-Technology-to-Report-Fiscal-Third-Quarter-Results-on-June-25-2025.html,"Micron Technology to Report Fiscal Third Quarter Results on June 25, 2025","BOISE, Idaho, May 21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Micron Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: MU) announced today that it will hold its fiscal third quarter earnings conference call on Wednesday, June 25, 2025, at 2:30 p.m. Mountain time. The call will be webcast live at http://investors.micron.com/. Webcast replays of presentations can be accessed from Micron’s Investor Relations website for approximately one year after the call. About Micron Technology, Inc. We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, and manufacturing and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron® and Crucial® brands. Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and compute-intensive applications that unleash opportunities — from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience. To learn more about Micron Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: MU), visit micron.com. © 2025 Micron Technology, Inc. All rights reserved. Information, products, and/or specifications are subject to change without notice. Micron, the Micron logo, and all other Micron trademarks are the property of Micron Technology, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Micron Media Relations Contact Mark Plungy Micron Technology, Inc. +1 (408) 203-2910 corpcomms@micron.com Micron Investor Relations Contact Satya Kumar Micron Technology, Inc. +1 (408) 450-6199 satyakumar@micron.com",,,,"Micron technology, Inc. will hold its quarterly earnings conference call on June 25, 2025","micron technology, Inc. will hold its fiscal third quarter earnings conference call on Wednesday, June 25, 2025. the call will be webcast live at http://investors.micron.com/. Webcast replays of presentations can be accessed from Micron’s Investor Relations website for approximately one year after the call.",": MU. Micron Technology, Inc. announced today that it will hold its fiscal third quarter earnings conference call on Wednesday, June 25, 2025. The call will be webcast live at http://investors.micron.com/. Webcast replays of presentations can be accessed from micron’s Investor Relations website for approximately one year after the call. We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all."
31,https://news.umich.edu/motion-sickness-technology-could-alleviate-symptoms-for-passengers-in-todays-cars-and-tomorrows/,"Motion sickness technology could alleviate symptoms for passengers in today's cars, and tomorrow's","As Memorial Day trips near, new technology offers hope for those who get carsick Few weekends send more people on long car journeys than Memorial Day Weekend, with AAA estimating as many as 39 million people hitting the road this year. But unfortunately, motion sickness could make those trips uncomfortable and unpleasant for many people. Engineers at the University of Michigan have developed a new technology, ready for implementation in current vehicles, that reduces motion sickness by nearly half. For the 1 out of every 2 children and 1 in 3 adults who suffer from the condition, it’s an option that comes without the drowsiness of medications. U-M’s approach focuses on the cause of motion sickness—vehicle movements that catch passengers off-guard when they aren’t watching the road ahead. Called PREACT, the technology sends cues through the seat to alert those passengers to upcoming movements. It can also tilt the seat to mimic the way the body would naturally prepare for turning and braking if the passenger’s eyes were on the road to see what was coming. “We call it PREACT because it predicts the motions of the vehicle and acts preemptively to counteract the effect of the vehicle’s motion on the passenger’s body,” said Shorya Awtar, U-M professor of mechanical engineering and director of the Precision Systems Design Laboratory. “We take real-time and historical data from on-vehicle sensors to help anticipate the vehicle’s impending motions and use that to alert passengers to what’s coming.” Following five years of research, technology innovations and extensive human testing, PREACT is now making its way toward real-world implementation. In March, Awtar and Daniel Sousa Schulman, a doctoral candidate and PREACT’s chief engineer, worked with U-M’s Innovation Partnerships to found Motion Sync, a high-tech startup seeking to commercialize the technology. Motion Sync has begun working with a major auto manufacturer—a partnership designed to explore and demonstrate PREACT’s viability for the automaker’s vehicles. One version of the technology makes use of automatically tilting seats or tightening seat belts to prepare passengers for upcoming maneuvers. Such active seats and seatbelts would be integrated within the vehicle platform. Another version of the PREACT technology can be retrofitted on any existing vehicle. In this case, PREACT sends haptic cues to passengers in advance of turns, acceleration and braking so that they aren’t caught off-guard by their vehicle’s movements. A buzzing on the left side of the seat warns the occupant to prepare for a left turn, for instance. Schulman, Motion Sync’s CEO, said the retrofit haptic version adds only a few pounds to a vehicle, requires minimal power and comes at a low cost. “Users will be able to choose whatever PREACT version works best for their needs, an integrated version vs. a retrofit version,” he said. “This will make PREACT affordable and accessible to a wide range of customers.” PREACT’s research team tested the technology with over 150 human subjects at Mcity, using specially designed test vehicles operating on test tracks that simulate both city and highway driving. Results showed a statistically significant reduction in the subjects’ feelings of motion sickness, with 80% saying it’s a technology they would want included with their next vehicle purchase. PREACT would work in today’s human-driven vehicles, including electric and hybrid. Both charge batteries through regenerative braking, but this more aggressive deceleration leads to increases in motion sickness. And, just like ridesharing services such as Uber and Lyft, PREACT could help autonomous vehicles deliver on their promise of turning commutes and longer journeys into work or leisure time, enabling passengers to take their eyes off the road without experiencing motion sickness. “There are big questions out there: ‘Will users trust these autonomous vehicles or will there be a level of discomfort for people in these vehicles?'” Awtar said. “It’s vitally important we take into account the human factors associated with this if it’s to become the standard mode for transportation. Motion Sync is tackling some of these challenges and plans to have PREACT available to consumers in the near future.” The research was partially funded by the U.S. Department of Transportation’s Center for Connected and Automated Transportation and Michigan Translational Research and Commercialization for Advanced Transportation Innovation Hub.",,,,Scientists have developed a new technology that reduces motion sickness by nearly half,engineers at the university of Michigan have developed a new technology that reduces motion sickness by nearly half. the technology sends cues through the seat to alert passengers to upcoming movements. it can also tilt the seat to mimic the way the body would naturally prepare for turning and braking if the passenger’s eyes were on the road.,"motion sickness, with 80% saying it’s a technology they would want included with their next vehicle purchase. PREACT could help autonomous vehicles deliver on their promise of turning commutes and longer journeys into work or leisure time, allowing passengers to take their eyes off the road without noticing motions. haptic cues can be sent to passengers in advance of turns, acceleration and braking so that they aren’t caught off-guard."
32,https://www.farmprogress.com/technology/taps-teams-finalize-technology-selections-for-2025-season,K-State TAPS teams finalize technology selections for 2025 season,Access not allowed,,,,,,
33,https://www.news-medical.net/news/20250521/New-mask-technology-balances-protection-and-comfort-effectively.aspx,New mask technology balances protection and comfort effectively,"The COVID-19 pandemic increased public awareness of the importance of mask use for personal protection. However, when the mesh size of mask fabrics is small enough to capture viruses, which are usually around one hundred nanometers in size, the fabric typically also restricts air flow, resulting in user discomfort. But now, researchers from Japan have found a way to avoid this. In a study published this month in Materials Advances, researchers from the Institute of Industrial Science, The University of Tokyo have overcome this bottleneck and developed a filter capable of capturing nanoparticles such as viruses without greatly restricting air flow. They managed this feat through careful design of the pore structure in the filter. The filter is constructed from nanosheets consisting of an ordered mesh composed of porphyrins, which are flat, ring-shaped molecules with a central hole. The tiny holes in the porphyrin molecules are suitably sized to allow the easy passage of the small gas molecules in air while blocking the movement of larger particles, such as viruses. The nanosheets are then supported on a fabric modified with nanofibers containing pores of several hundred nanometers to form the filter. The porphyrin-based nanosheets are constructed through interfacial reactions that are driven by the movement of reactants caused by the gradient of surface tension at the air–solvent interface, known as the Marangoni effect. The nanosheets are then compressed and coated on nanofiber-modified fabric using a stamp method."" Kazuyuki Ishii, senior author The team tested their filter using the standard procedure used to test N95 face masks. The results of the particle filtration tests revealed that the filter effectively trapped particles that were as small as viruses. The filter achieved a particle filtration efficiency of 96%, which exceeds the requirement of 95% for an N95 face mask. ""Our porphyrin-based filter collected nanoparticles with a diameter as small as one hundred nanometers,"" explains senior author Kazuyuki Ishii. ""Importantly, the filter also showed minimal decrease of differential pressure in gas flow measurements. This indicates that the filter is capable of trapping particles as small as viruses, while barely restricting air flow."" The team's approach involving coating porous nanosheets on nanofibers is promising to provide materials capable of effectively filtering small particles like viruses while maintaining air flow to ensure both user comfort and protection.",,,,Researchers developed a filter capable of capturing nanoparticles like viruses without restricting air flow,"researchers from the university of Tokyo developed a filter capable of capturing nanoparticles such as viruses without greatly restricting air flow. the filter is constructed from nanosheets consisting of porphyrins, which are flat, ring-shaped molecules with a central hole. the filter was tested using the standard procedure used to test N95 face masks.","nanoparticles with a diameter as small as one hundred nanometers. the filter is constructed from nanosheets consisting of an ordered mesh composed of porphyrins, which are flat, ring-shaped molecules. pore structure in the filtr was tested using the standard procedure used to test N95 face masks. researchers from the University of Tokyo have overcome this bottleneck."
34,https://www.morningstar.com/news/pr-newswire/20250522la93994/pocket-storage-and-forum-partners-launch-technology-enabled-self-storage-platform-focused-on-adaptive-reuse-in-ultra-urban-markets,Pocket Storage and Forum Partners Launch Technology-Enabled Self-Storage Platform Focused on Adaptive Reuse in Ultra-Urban Markets,Access not allowed,,,,,,
35,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dstny-appoints-yann-le-helloco-as-chief-product--technology-officer-to-accelerate-hybrid-work-communications-innovation-302462128.html,Dstny Appoints Yann Le Helloco as Chief Product & Technology Officer to Accelerate Hybrid Work Communications Innovation,"BRUSSELS, May 22, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Dstny Group, the leading European provider of business communications solutions, announces the appointment of Yann Le Helloco as Chief Product & Technology Officer (CPTO), effective immediately. Yann brings over 25 years of experience in telecom, R&D, and product innovation to drive Dstny's hybrid work communications strategy forward. Yann Le Helloco – New CPTO Dstny As CPTO, Yann will lead Dstny's unified cross-functional teams across product management, engineering, architecture, delivery, and operations to accelerate innovation and ensure a scalable product roadmap. Based in France and reporting directly to CEO Daan De Wever, he will be instrumental in executing the company's One Dstny strategy. ""Dstny is uniquely positioned to lead the next evolution of hybrid work communications,"" said Yann Le Helloco. ""I'm thrilled to join a company that combines deep technical expertise with a clear vision to simplify business communications. I look forward to delivering solutions that are innovative, scalable, and human-centric."" Before joining Dstny, Yann oversaw strategic technology development as CTO at a global telecom leader. He holds a PhD in Electronics and Communications Systems from the University of Rennes, France. Driving the Shift Toward Smarter Hybrid Work Communication With Yann in the leadership team, Dstny further strengthens its ability to scale its hybrid work technology innovation, expand into new markets, and integrate acquisitions efficiently. ""Yann stood out to me not just for his technical expertise but because he truly cares about building technology that improves how people experience their workday,"" said Daan De Wever, CEO of Dstny Group. ""He understands that in front of every software feature is someone trying to connect with colleagues or serve customers more effectively. This user-friendly focus is exactly what we need to fuel our next chapter of growth."" While hybrid work has evolved into the new normal with all its benefits, many companies still face challenges with fragmented tools, inconsistent experiences, and under-leveraged automation. Our integrated platform addresses these issues by connecting employees and customers across devices, locations, and applications."" About Dstny Dstny makes hybrid work actually work by simplifying business communications across all boundaries — devices, locations, teams, and applications. Our solutions combine mobile-first architecture with patented technology to seamlessly integrate voice, video, and messaging into business-critical tools. Through our AI-enabled platform and world-leading Microsoft Teams integration, we empower over 4 million users across 80+ markets to connect effortlessly with colleagues and customers, no matter where they work. Headquartered in Brussels, Dstny has over 1,000 employees in 7 European countries. Learn more at www.dstny.com. Contact: Email: [email protected] Tel: +46707187603 Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2691960/Dstny_Yann_Le_Helloco.jpg Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2489523/Dstny_Logo.jpg SOURCE Dstny",,,,: Dstny Group announces Yann Le Helloco as Chief Product & Technology Officer,"Dstny Group announces the appointment of Yann Le Helloco as Chief Product & Technology Officer. Yann brings over 25 years of experience in telecom, R&D, and product innovation. he will lead unified cross-functional teams across product management, engineering, architecture, delivery, and operations.","Dstny Group announces the appointment of Yann Le Helloco as Chief Product & Technology Officer (CPTO). the company's hybrid work communications strategy has evolved into the new normal with all its benefits, but many companies still face challenges with fragmented tools, inconsistent experiences, and under-leveraged automation. a unified cross-functional team across product management, engineering, architecture, delivery and operations."
36,https://www.dispatch.com/story/news/state/2025/05/22/how-the-ohio-state-highway-patrol-uses-technology-in-the-sky/83049373007/,"HD cameras, real-time video: How the Ohio patrol uses high-tech tools from the sky",,,,,Give a suitable Provocative and attention-grabbing headline for the article (only one),a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a.,Extraextraget minimum 4 key key takeaways from the article in bullet points: extract minimum 5 key points et extrait minimum 3 key axes tirés de l article:
37,https://www.azfamily.com/2025/05/21/airbnb-rolls-out-technology-crack-down-parties-arizona/,Airbnb rolls out technology to crack down on parties in Arizona,"PHOENIX (AZFamily) — Airbnb is rolling out technology nationwide to help crack down on unauthorized and disruptive parties in homes during the summer holiday weekends. Airbnb has a global party ban, and this new technology will also be used in Arizona. These anti-party defenses use machine learning to prevent potentially higher-risk bookings of home listings from being made. Guests attempting to book will be blocked or redirected to other accommodations. Airbnb says that last year, its anti-party technology deterred around 51,000 people from booking, and they saw a reduction in the number of parties reported during the summer holidays. This included 630 people in Phoenix and 350 in Scottsdale who were denied from booking an entire home for the summer holidays. Although Airbnb uses technology to thwart parties, it says these activities remain rare. In 2024, 0.06% of reservations in Arizona resulted in parties. Since introducing the global party ban policy in 2020, Airbnb has also seen a 59% decrease in reported parties in the state. See a spelling or grammatical error in our story? Please click here to report it. Do you have a photo or video of a breaking news story? Send it to us here with a brief description. Copyright 2025 KTVK/KPHO. All rights reserved.",,,,"Airbnb’s anti-party technology deterred 51,000 people from booking","Airbnb has a global party ban, and this new technology will also be used in Arizona. anti-party defenses use machine learning to prevent potentially higher-risk bookings of home listings from being made. last year, its anti-party technology deterred around 51,000 people from booking.",": PHOENIX (AZFamily) — Airbnb is rolling out technology nationwide to help crack down on unauthorized and disruptive parties in homes during the summer holiday weekends. Airbnb has a global party ban, and this new technology will also be used in Arizona. Guests attempting to book will be blocked or redirected to other accommodations."
38,https://www.energy.gov/technologycommercialization/articles/energy-department-renames-office-technology-transitions-office,Energy Department Renames Office of Technology Transitions to Office of Technology Commercialization,"WASHINGTON — The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) today announced the renaming of its Office of Technology Transitions (OTT) to the Office of Technology Commercialization (OTC). The new name reflects DOE’s sharpened focus on turning scientific breakthroughs into real-world results—supporting the full path from research and development to private sector deployment and economic impact. “The mission of this office is to ensure the American public sees real benefits from the science they fund—through new companies, jobs, and technologies that make energy more affordable, reliable and secure,” said Anthony Pugliese, DOE Chief Commercialization Officer and Director of the Office of Technology Commercialization. “This renaming is a clear signal that the Department of Energy is prioritizing commercialization and increasing our focus on delivering results for the American people.” The office serves as DOE’s primary resource for accelerating the impact of federally funded innovation. The updated name brings clarity to that role—reinforcing DOE’s commitment to connecting public research with private sector application and national benefit. From the discoveries emerging at DOE’s National Labs to the regional ecosystems that help scale them, real-world impact depends on coordinated efforts across science, capital, and industry. OTC oversees a portfolio of initiatives that span the commercialization pipeline, including the Technology Commercialization Fund, Energy I-Corps, and the EnergyTech University Prize—programs that support entrepreneurial training, early-stage development, and private sector partnerships. OTC also leads EPIC—the Energy Program for Innovation Clusters—which bolsters regional innovation ecosystems through support for incubators and accelerators across the country. The rebranding aligns with President Trump’s priorities to concentrate DOE resources on efforts that deliver measurable results for the American people—strengthening the economy, enhancing energy independence, and demonstrating clear taxpayer value. Under Secretary Chris Wright’s leadership, OTC will help translate DOE-supported technologies into solutions that strengthen American resilience and global competitiveness. Learn more at energy.gov/OTC.",,,,The Office serves as DOE’s primary resource for accelerating the impact of federally funded innovation,the office serves as DOE’s primary resource for accelerating the impact of federally funded innovation. the new name reflects DOE’s sharpened focus on turning scientific breakthroughs into real-world results. the office serves as the primary resource for accelerating the impact of federally funded innovation.,to the Office of Technology Commercialization (OTC). The new name reflects DOE’s sharpened focus on turning scientific breakthroughs into real-world results. OTC oversees EPIC—the Energy Program for Innovation Clusters —which bolsters regional innovation ecosystems through support for incubators and accelerators across the country. the rebranding aligns with President Trump's priorities to concentrate DOE resources on efforts that deliver measurable results for the American people.
39,https://www.pymnts.com/walmart/2025/walmart-eliminating-roles-on-technology-and-ecommerce-fulfillment-teams/,Walmart Eliminating Roles on Technology and eCommerce Fulfillment Teams,"Walmart plans to cut 1,500 corporate jobs in its technology, eCommerce fulfillment and advertising operations, The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday (May 21), citing unnamed sources. Reached by PYMNTS, a Walmart spokesperson declined to comment on the report. In an internal memo seen by PYMNTS, addressed to office-based associates and signed by two Walmart executives, the company said it is reshaping some teams in Global Tech, Walmart U.S. and Walmart Connect to “sharpen our focus.” The memo did not say how many positions will be impacted. With these changes, Walmart aims to remove layers and complexity, speed up decision-making and help associates innovate, Suresh Kumar, global chief technology officer and chief development officer, and John Furner, president and CEO of Walmart U.S., wrote in the memo. They added that in the Global Tech and Walmart U.S. organizations, they are not only eliminating roles but also adding some new ones “aligned with our business priorities and growth strategy.” In Global Tech, Walmart aims to create solutions that scale globally rather than building custom solutions for different areas, according to the memo. In some cases, there may be other opportunities within Walmart for the affected workers, per the memo. “As we’ve modernized the business, it is always toward the goal of enhancing associate, customer and member experiences,” Kumar and Furner wrote in the memo. “To accelerate our progress delivering the experiences that will define the future of retail, we must sharpen our focus.” Walmart said May 15 that its first-quarter revenues were up by 2.5%. That growth rate was slower than the 3% to 4% range for the quarter projected by the company during its annual investor day last month, PYMNTS reported Thursday. Looking ahead, the company sees sales up in the current quarter by 3.5% to 4.5% and maintained its full fiscal year sales guidance at 4%. “The immediate challenge is, obviously, navigating the impact of tariffs here in the U.S.,” Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said during the retailer’s quarterly earnings call. It was also reported that Walmart is gearing up for a shift in consumer behavior as artificial intelligence begins to take a more active role in how people shop.  ",,,,The company says it is reshaping some tech teams to “sharpen our focus” the memo did not say how many positions will be affected,"the company said it is reshaping some teams in global tech, Walmart U.S. and Walmart Connect to “sharpen our focus” the memo did not say how many positions will be impacted. the company said its first-quarter revenues were up 2.5%.",": Walmart plans to cut 1,500 corporate jobs in its technology, eCommerce fulfillment and advertising operations. Walmart said its first-quarter revenues were up by 2.5%. That growth rate was slower than the 3% to 4% range for the quarter projected by the company during its investor day last month."
40,https://media.market.us/liquid-handling-technology-market-news/,Liquid Handling Technology Market Share Analysis | CAGR of 8.6%,"Overview New York, NY – May 22, 2025 – Global Liquid Handling Technology Market size is expected to be worth around US$ 12.3 billion by 2033 from US$ 5.4 billion in 2023, growing at a CAGR of 8.6% during the forecast period 2024 to 2033. The global Liquid Handling Technology market is witnessing consistent expansion, driven by the growing demand for high-throughput screening, precision diagnostics, and automation in life sciences and clinical laboratories. Liquid handling systems, including pipettes, dispensers, and automated workstations, play a critical role in sample preparation, reagent dispensing, and assay development enhancing reproducibility and reducing human error. Advancements in microfluidics, robotics, and software integration are transforming traditional manual processes into streamlined automated workflows. These innovations are especially vital in genomics, proteomics, and drug discovery, where high-volume and high-precision liquid transfer is essential. The increasing adoption of automated systems by pharmaceutical companies, research institutions, and diagnostic laboratories is a key driver of market growth. Regionally, North America leads the market, attributed to robust R&D investments, advanced healthcare infrastructure, and early adoption of laboratory automation technologies. However, Asia-Pacific is projected to witness the fastest growth, supported by expanding biotechnology sectors, rising laboratory automation initiatives, and government-backed life science research funding. The ongoing need for accurate liquid handling in COVID-19 diagnostics, next-generation sequencing (NGS), and personalized medicine continues to support market momentum. As laboratories strive for improved efficiency, precision, and throughput, liquid handling technologies are expected to remain a cornerstone of modern scientific workflows. Key Takeaways In 2023, the Liquid Handling Technology market generated revenue of US$ 4 billion and is projected to reach US$ 12.3 billion by 2033, growing at a CAGR of 8.6% . and is projected to reach by 2033, growing at a CAGR of . By product type, consumables led the market in 2023, accounting for a 61.5% share. share. By technology, semi-automated systems held the largest share at 49.2% . . By application, drug discovery & ADME-tox research was the dominant segment, contributing 45.9% of the total revenue. of the total revenue. By end use, academic & research institutes led the market with a share of 48.2% . . Regionally, North America dominated the market with a 39.7% share in 2023. Segmentation Analysis Product Type Analysis: In 2023, the consumables segment led the market with a 61.5% share, driven by the increasing demand for reliable and cost-effective lab supplies such as pipette tips, reagents, and microplates. The rise in high-throughput screening, personalized medicine, and precision research has enhanced the need for consistent and contamination-free consumables. Additionally, the growing adoption of automated systems is boosting demand for disposable consumables designed for compatibility, accuracy, and efficiency in laboratory workflows. In 2023, the consumables segment led the market with a share, driven by the increasing demand for reliable and cost-effective lab supplies such as pipette tips, reagents, and microplates. The rise in high-throughput screening, personalized medicine, and precision research has enhanced the need for consistent and contamination-free consumables. Additionally, the growing adoption of automated systems is boosting demand for disposable consumables designed for compatibility, accuracy, and efficiency in laboratory workflows. Technology Analysis: Semi-automated systems held the largest share at 49.2% in 2023, as they offer a practical middle ground between manual and fully automated operations. These systems provide enhanced precision while retaining operator control, making them ideal for labs seeking efficiency without the cost of full automation. Their affordability, scalability, and adaptability make them particularly appealing to academic institutions and contract research organizations engaged in drug development, life sciences, and diagnostic research. Semi-automated systems held the largest share at in 2023, as they offer a practical middle ground between manual and fully automated operations. These systems provide enhanced precision while retaining operator control, making them ideal for labs seeking efficiency without the cost of full automation. Their affordability, scalability, and adaptability make them particularly appealing to academic institutions and contract research organizations engaged in drug development, life sciences, and diagnostic research. Application Analysis: Drug discovery and ADME-tox research dominated the market with a 45.9% share, reflecting rising demand for accurate liquid handling in drug screening and toxicity testing. Automated systems support high-throughput operations critical to early-phase drug development. As precision medicine advances, the demand for efficient tools to conduct complex assays has increased. The segment is also driven by the pharmaceutical sector’s growing focus on automation to improve productivity and reduce human error. Drug discovery and ADME-tox research dominated the market with a share, reflecting rising demand for accurate liquid handling in drug screening and toxicity testing. Automated systems support high-throughput operations critical to early-phase drug development. As precision medicine advances, the demand for efficient tools to conduct complex assays has increased. The segment is also driven by the pharmaceutical sector’s growing focus on automation to improve productivity and reduce human error. End-use Analysis: Academic and research institutes led the end-use segment with a 48.2% share, driven by expanding research activities in genomics, molecular biology, and biotechnology. These institutions are increasingly investing in automated and semi-automated liquid handling systems to improve accuracy and data quality. The growing complexity of scientific studies and funding support for academic research are fostering adoption. These technologies offer scalability, making them suitable for both small and large-scale research projects. Market Segments Product Type Automated Workstations Standalone Workstations Integrated Workstations Small Devices Pipettes Pipette Controllers Manual Pipettes Electronic Pipettes Burettes Dispensers Others Consumables Disposable Tips Regents Tubes & Plates Others  Technology Automated Manual Semi-automated Application Bioprocessing/Biotechnology Cancer & Genomic Research Drug Discovery & ADME-Tox Research Others End-use Academic & Research Institutes Contract Research Organizations Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology Companies Regional Analysis In 2023, North America held the largest share in the liquid handling technology market, accounting for 39.7% of total revenue. This dominance can be attributed to significant advancements in biotechnology, pharmaceutical research, and clinical diagnostics. The rising complexity of laboratory workflows—particularly in genomics, drug development, and diagnostics—has intensified the demand for automated and precise liquid handling systems. The push for automation to improve laboratory throughput and minimize human error has led to increased adoption of advanced systems. A key market development was the introduction of SPT Labtech’s Firefly platform and Apricot DC1 in February 2022. These systems, launched at the SLAS International Conference, support next-generation sequencing and multifunctional automation, highlighting the region’s shift toward high-efficiency solutions. The continued focus on personalized medicine and precision therapies further reinforces the need for high-throughput, reliable technologies. Additionally, the presence of leading pharmaceutical firms and research institutions in the U.S. and Canada is a critical factor supporting the sustained growth of the regional market. Asia Pacific Projected to Exhibit the Fastest Growth The Asia Pacific region is expected to witness the highest compound annual growth rate (CAGR) during the forecast period, driven by expanding investments in life sciences, healthcare infrastructure, and pharmaceutical innovation. Countries including China, India, and Japan are accelerating their research activities in genomics, diagnostics, and drug development, thereby increasing the demand for automated liquid handling solutions. The launch of Tianlong’s automated pipetting workstation in November 2021—designed specifically for PCR workflows—demonstrated the region’s growing focus on laboratory efficiency and reliability. This innovation has contributed to the broader adoption of automation in scientific research. The region’s emphasis on precision medicine and high-throughput screening, along with strong governmental support for biotechnology and pharmaceutical research, is expected to fuel market expansion. As pharmaceutical companies in Asia Pacific seek advanced, scalable, and accurate technologies to optimize laboratory performance, the demand for liquid handling systems is set to rise substantially. Emerging Trends The adoption of AI-driven self-driving laboratories is increasing, enabling closed-loop experimentation where hypotheses are proposed, executed, and analyzed autonomously, thus boosting throughput and consistency in R&D workflows. Open-source liquid handling platforms, such as Opentrons OT-2, are democratizing automation by offering accessible APIs and modular hardware, allowing small teams to automate complex protocols without heavy investment in proprietary systems. The establishment of the Laboratory Automation Protocol (LAP) Format and Repository is promoting standardization of automation scripts, improving reproducibility and easing the sharing of validated workflows across laboratories . Next-generation sequencing (NGS) automation is being widely implemented in public health and clinical microbiology labs to overcome staffing and throughput limitations, reducing manual library-prep steps and ensuring more reliable pathogen surveillance. Investment in digital data-exchange automation within public health networks has surged—laboratory reporting volumes rose from approximately 30 million reports per year to over 50 million per month—highlighting the critical role of automation in managing high-volume test data. Use Cases High-throughput nanoparticle screening: An Opentrons OT-2 liquid handler prepared 128 unique solid lipid nanoparticle formulations in a single run, enabling up to a 3 000-fold enhancement in drug solubility compared to traditional methods. An Opentrons OT-2 liquid handler prepared 128 unique solid lipid nanoparticle formulations in a single run, enabling up to a 3 000-fold enhancement in drug solubility compared to traditional methods. Rapid autonomous formulation: A self-driving lab platform integrated with liquid handling robots and AI-guided experiment planning produced satisfactory novel formulations within just 15 working days, markedly shortening the typical 6- to 12-week cycle for preclinical formulation development. A self-driving lab platform integrated with liquid handling robots and AI-guided experiment planning produced satisfactory novel formulations within just 15 working days, markedly shortening the typical 6- to 12-week cycle for preclinical formulation development. Automated NGS library preparation: Liquid handlers configured for NGS workflows can process 4 to 384 samples per run, performing precise pipetting, bead-based clean-up, and reagent addition in a single automated protocol, thereby reducing bench-time from several hours of manual work to unattended, end-to-end operation. Conclusion The global Liquid Handling Technology market is poised for robust growth, driven by increasing demand for automation, accuracy, and high-throughput workflows in life sciences, diagnostics, and pharmaceutical research. Technological advancements in robotics, microfluidics, and AI integration are transforming laboratory operations, particularly in drug discovery, genomics, and personalized medicine. North America maintains market dominance due to strong infrastructure and early adoption, while Asia Pacific is emerging rapidly through investments and innovation. As precision, speed, and scalability become critical in laboratory environments, liquid handling technologies will remain indispensable in advancing scientific and clinical outcomes globally.",,,,Global Liquid Handling Technology Market is expected to reach US$ 12.3 billion by 2033,"global Liquid Handling Technology market is expected to reach US$ 12.3 billion by 2033 from US$ 5.4 billion in 2023, growing at a CAGR of 8.6% during the forecast period 2024 to 2033. the growing adoption of automated systems by pharmaceutical companies, research institutions, and diagnostic laboratories is a key driver of market growth. regionally, North America leads the market, attributed to robust R&D investments, advanced healthcare infrastructure, and early adoption of laboratory automation technologies.","in 2023, reflecting rising demand for accurate liquid handling in drug screening and toxicity testing. technology Analysis: Semi-automated systems held the largest share at 49.2%, driven by the growing demand to improve lab throughput and reduce human error. by application, drug discovery & ADME-tox research was the dominant segment, contributing 45.9% of the total revenue. The region is expected to witness the fastest growth, supported by expanding biotechnology sectors, rising laboratory automation initiatives."
41,https://www.cpapracticeadvisor.com/2025/05/21/bmss-makes-strategic-investment-in-technology-platform-knuula/161457/,BMSS Makes Strategic Investment in Technology Platform Knuula,"Top 100 accounting firm BMSS said this week that it recently invested in Knuula, a Frisco, TX-based technology platform that specializes in generating engagement letters and other documents for accounting firms. The investment from BMSS, the amount of which wasn’t disclosed, came after the Birmingham, AL-based firm said it successfully implementing Knuula over the past year. According to Don Murphy, managing member of BMSS, the firm began working with Knuula in spring 2024 to streamline its engagement letter process, but the firm quickly recognized the platform’s broader potential. Don Murphy Knuula can create complex client documents at an enormous scale, and BMSS leaders thought this presented a great opportunity to guide the platform and help facilitate its growth. “It quickly became clear that Knuula was not only a strong solution for us but also an ideal partner in advancing industry-wide automation,” Murphy said in a statement. “Knuula has transformed how we manage our engagement letter lifecycle,” added Bill Lorimer, member at BMSS. “The platform enables us to serve clients more effectively while automating internal workflows, saving time and enhancing the overall client experience. Investing in Knuula was a natural next step as we strive to lead the profession in innovation.” Founded in 2018, Knuula is an end-to-end engagement letter solution. It allows users to choose from templates drafted by industry experts, customize every aspect of the engagement letter, send to all of their clients for e-signature with just a couple of clicks, and organize all of their engagement letters in one place, the company says on its LinkedIn page. “We’ve long sought to partner with a firm focused on strategic innovation in the accounting space,” said Jamie Peebles, founder of Knuula. “To develop a perfect solution for large firms, it is ideal to have a partner that is willing to work closely together and iterate quickly. This requires constant feedback between our two teams. The IT team from BMSS worked with our development team constantly and helped us iterate rapidly. We also had consistent input from partners, managers, and administrative staff to help us make valuable changes to Knuula. BMSS was a perfect partner for us.”",,,,BMSS invests in a technology platform that generates engagement letters and other documents for accounting firms,BMSS recently invested in a technology platform that specializes in generating engagement letters and other documents for accounting firms. the firm began working with Knuula in spring 2024 to streamline its engagement letter process. the firm quickly recognized the platform’s broader potential.,"BMSS said this week that it recently invested in Knuula, a Frisco, TX-based technology platform. it allows users to choose from templates drafted by industry experts, customize every aspect of the engagement letter, send to all of their clients for e-signature with just two clicks, and organize all their engagement letters in one place, the company says on its LinkedIn page. “We’ve long sought to partner with an firm focused on strategic innovation in the accounting space,” said Jamie Peeble"
42,https://www.usatoday.com/story/travel/airline-news/2025/05/22/air-traffic-control-technology-ai/83627436007/,'Tipping point': Human air traffic controllers keep flyers safe. Should AI have a role?,"AI-assisted summary Outdated technology and staffing shortages at Newark Liberty International Airport have led to ongoing flight delays and cancellations. Experts warn that underfunding the FAA has prevented necessary technological upgrades and hiring of air traffic controllers. The Transportation Secretary proposed a program to modernize the system and incentivize hiring, but Congressional funding is still needed. Old technology is behind the recent ongoing delays and cancellations at Newark Liberty International Airport, but newer technology will be an important part of the solution. To recap, on April 28, air traffic controllers handling inbound traffic at Newark experienced a brief radar and radio outage. Similar failures have occurred at least three times since then, and in response, the Federal Aviation Administration and airlines have reduced the number of flights operating in and out of the airport. It's the kind of failure experts have been warning was inevitable for years. “All these issues of staffing, all these issues of using copper wires instead of fiber optics, these have been there for a long time,” Sheldon Jacobson, professor of computer science at the University of Illinois’ Grainger College of Engineering, told USA TODAY. Jacobson said the technology in air traffic control towers is largely outdated, but like an old car, it worked well until it started breaking down. Need a break? Play the USA TODAY Daily Crossword Puzzle. “People are now paying attention,"" he said. “They put more airplanes in the sky than the system can absorb, and what’s happened is we've reached a tipping point. We have so much volume, and we have pretty much the same air traffic control technology for decades."" How did we get here? The FAA's air traffic control issues didn't develop overnight, although the current headaches at Newark did catch many travelers by surprise. Industry watchers have long warned that Congress was under-funding the FAA, preventing the agency from upgrading its technology and limiting its ability to hire and train new air traffic controllers. According to Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy, the FAA is short about 3,000 air traffic controllers nationwide, and continues to rely on outdated technology like floppy disks to perform some crucial functions. Still, Jacobson said, that doesn't mean air travel isn't safe. “The FAA, the airlines, and all of the supporting people have worked diligently to make air travel safer, and it’s never been safer,"" he said. And that's part of the reason there are more delays and cancellations as air traffic control equipment falters. ""The only way to ensure the safety is to bring the volume down so we're not at that tipping point,"" Jacobson said. What solutions have been proposed? Successive administrations from both parties in Washington have promised fixes to the FAA's air traffic control program, but the solutions have been piecemeal so far. Duffy recently announced a sweeping program to upgrade the agency's technology infrastructure, as well as hiring incentives to entice more would-be air traffic controllers. However, a funding commitment from Congress was missing from his announcement. That hurdle has prevented previous administrations from implementing such overhauls. Even if lawmakers fund the Trump administration's proposals, implementing the upgrades will likely take a long time. “This isn’t going to happen in three years. This is going to take several years,” Jacobson said. “It’s expensive and time-consuming.” He also warned that it will add expense, complexity, and time because the upgrades will need to be rolled out without taking the current air traffic control system offline. “You’re trying to update a system while it’s still working,"" he said. Can AI help solve air traffic control issues? Eventually, the FAA will roll out new technology for air traffic control, and while Jacobson said air traffic controllers won't ever be fully replaced by computers, he did acknowledge that new tech has a role to play in optimizing the nation's airspace. “If we leave that off the table, we’re forcing ourselves to use more manpower,"" he said. Jacobson said that, since the FAA and airlines prioritize safety above all else, it doesn't make sense to remove humans from the air traffic control equation entirely. Pilots' unions have also long advocated the safety importance of having two highly trained aviators in the cockpit of every commercial flight, despite growing calls from some outside groups to explore flight control automation. However, using artificial intelligence and other technology to ease the controllers' burden could actually make the system safer. “There are a lot of very perfunctory tasks that, working with ATC, an AI system could direct airplanes to,"" Jacobson said, like issuing initial clearance for pilots to push back from their gates, or guiding them to the start of the taxiway. ""You don’t compromise safety, that is the most important objective, but you're giving them a little more breathing room or legroom to get their job done."" Zach Wichter is a travel reporter and writes the Cruising Altitude column for USA TODAY. He is based in New York and you can reach him at zwichter@usatoday.com.",,,,Experts warn that underfunding the FAA has prevented technological upgrades and hiring of controllers,"experts warn that underfunding the FAA has prevented necessary technological upgrades and hiring of air traffic controllers. new technology in air traffic control towers is largely outdated, but like an old car, it worked well until it started breaking down. industry watchers have long warned that Congress was under-funding the agency, preventing it from upgrading its technology.",",,,,,: travel reporter Zach Wichter. He is a travel journalist and writes the Cruising Altitude column for usatoday.com. experts warn that under-funding the FAA has prevented necessary technological upgrades and hiring of air traffic controllers. Congressional funding is still needed."
43,https://www.mondaq.com/unitedstates/patent/1627906/paneltouch-technologies-hits-boe-technology-as-the-latter-challenges-standing-in-earlier-suit-from-optronic-sciences,Paneltouch Technologies Hits BOE Technology As The Latter Challenges Standing In Earlier Suit From Optronic Sciences,"Texas plaintiff Paneltouch Technologies LLC has filed suit against BOE Technology (2:25-cv-00245) in the Eastern District of Texas. Asserted are five patents received as part of a larger portfolio from Panasonic in March 2024, and targeted is the provision of ""the BOE OLED panel supplied to Valve and included in the Steam Deck"" (a handheld gaming device) as well as ""the BOE display/touch panel supplied to Amazon and included in the Amazon Fire HD10 tablet"". Meanwhile, BOE Technology—in the first of two suits filed against it by Texas plaintiff Optronic Sciences LLC—has challenged subject matter jurisdiction, arguing that restrictions placed on the rights granted to the plaintiff by AUO reduce Optronic Sciences from patentee to licensee. As RPX has previously reported, Paneltouch Technologies was formed in Texas on July 11, 2023. In state records, Paneltouch Technologies identifies as its managing member Touch Display LLC, a Delaware entity formed one day earlier, on July 10, 2023. Texas state records also suggest that Paneltouch Technologies has secured funding; however, the identity of the funder has been obscured through the use of a corporate services company, which signed as that funder's representative. The management or personnel of Paneltouch Technologies does not appear in publicly available records. Optronic Sciences was formed in Texas on May 17, 2023. It identified as its managing member Lumina Innovations LLC, a Delaware entity formed one day earlier (with the same agent used by Touch Display), on May 16, 2023. Texas state records also suggest that Optronic Sciences has secured funding, the identity of the funder obscured through the use of the same corporate services company. Signing as the organizer of Optronic Sciences in Texas state records is Nat Smith, apparently an employee of Northwest Registered Agent, LLC, the same individual who signed as the organizer for Paneltouch Technologies. On March 22, 2024, Panasonic assigned more than 140 issued US patents to Paneltouch Technologies. The recipient has now sued BOE Technology over five of those received assets (8,704,762; 8,803,836; 9,250,758; 9,507,477; 11,126,025). The Eastern District of Texas complaint provides little detail as to either Paneltouch Technologies or Touch Display. Paneltouch Technologies is represented by Russ August & Kabat, frequent plaintiff-side counsel. The plaintiff has filed a disclosure statement in which it ""certifies that there is no parent corporation and that no publicly held corporation owns 10 percent or more of the interest in Paneltouch Technologies"". Per Texas state records, that certification appears incorrect. Indeed, in connection with its first case against BOE Technology, filed by Russ August & Kabat in November 2023, Optronic Sciences filed a disclosure statement in which it certified ""that there is no parent corporation and that no publicly held corporation owns 10 percent or more of the interest in Optronic Sciences LLC"". It later corrected that disclosure to indicate that ""Optronic Sciences is 100% owned by Lumina Innovations LLC"". The Optronic Sciences complaint, filed in the Eastern District of Texas, provides little detail as to either Optronic Sciences or Lumina Innovations. Optronic Sciences filed its second complaint against BOE in July 2024. There, the plaintiff filed an apparently incorrect disclosure (not identifying Lumina) and has yet to correct it. Optronic Sciences targets the provision of various LCD panels, including as integrated into certain Dell laptops and Hisense TVs, as well as OLED panels as integrated into the Apple iPhone 14. The NPE asserted nine patents received as part of a 200-patent portfolio from AUO to Optronic Sciences, assigned on August 2, 2023. The second complaint asserts four more of those received assets. BOE Technology has yet to challenge the plaintiff's standing to sue in the second case, as it has in the first. The exact contours of BOE's standing arguments are obscured by redactions from the public's view. Eastern District of Texas Chief Judge Rodney Gilstrap presides over both cases. Public records suggest that Optronic Sciences received funding for its litigation efforts, as of July 2023, but the identity of the backer is hidden, through the use of a corporate services organization First Corporate Solutions out of Sacramento, California. Likewise, Paneltouch Technologies also appears to have received funding for its campaign, as of February 2024. The identity of the backer is hidden, also through the use of First Corporate Solutions out of Sacramento, California. Note that a similar pattern—of tiered plaintiff ownership via an entity formed in the state of suit controlled by a Delaware entity itself created the day before, as well as publicly recorded backing by a third party using First Corporate Solutions as its representative—marks the campaign of SoundClear Technologies LLC, which has sued Alphabet (Google) and Amazon (Amazon Web Services), in Virginia instead of in Texas. For further details, see ""Funded Monetization Team Appears Up and Running"" (June 2024) as updated at ""SoundClear Escapes Adverse Alice Judgment, Reveals Principals, Urges Post-Pandemic Update to 'Transfer Jurisprudence'"" (March 2025). Russ August & Kabat represents both Optronic Sciences and Paneltouch Technologies. 2/28, Eastern District of Texas. The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.",,,,Paneltouch Technologies LLC filed suit against BOE Technology in the eastern district of Texas. plaintiff's name is obscured through the use of a corporate services company,paneltouch Technologies LLC filed suit against BOE Technology in the eastern district of Texas. the plaintiff's name is obscured through the use of a corporate services company. the identity of the funder has been obscured through the use of a corporate services company.,"in the Eastern District of Texas. The plaintiff filed an apparently incorrect disclosure (not identifying Lumina) and has yet to correct it. the identity of the backer is obscured through the use of a corporate services organization First Corporate Solutions out of Sacramento, California. Optronic Sciences filed its second complaint against BOE in July 2024."
44,https://www.ketv.com/article/omaha-performing-arts-pilots-new-technology-arts-accessibility/64845240,'Completely transformative': Omaha Performing Arts pilots new technology for arts accessibility,"A jacket is enhancing live music and performance experiences through real-time touch sensations. It's called the SoundShirt and Omaha Performing Arts is one of the first performance venues in the world to introduce it. AND PERFORMANCE EXPERIENCES THROUGH REAL-TIME TOUCH SENSATIONS. IT’S CALLED THE SOUND SHIRT, AND OMAHA PERFORMING ARTS IS ONE OF THE FIRST PERFORMANCE VENUES IN THE WORLD TO INTRODUCE A KETV NEWSWATCH. SEVEN’S MADDIE AUGUSTINE SHOWS US HOW IT WORKS. SIGHTS AND SOUNDS ARE ESSENTIAL TO THE AUDIENCE AT ALL OMAHA PERFORMING ARTS EVENTS. AND NOW THIS NEW TECHNOLOGY IS HELPING AMPLIFY THAT FOR THE DEAF AND HARD OF HEARING COMMUNITY. SOUNDS OF THE SYMPHONY. NOT HEARD, BUT FELT. SO IF YOU JUST TOOK THOSE FOUR CHANNELS, YOU COULD PUT THE CELLOS HERE AND THE VIOLAS HERE. ONE SECTION OF VIOLINS HERE, AND ONE SECTION OF VIOLINS HERE. AND THEY WOULD VIBRATE ACCORDING TO WHO WAS PLAYING. IT’S A LIGHTWEIGHT ZIP UP JACKET WITH SOUND ACTUATORS BUILT IN, KNOWN AS THE SOUND SHIRT, AND ITS GOAL IS HELPING PEOPLE WHO ARE DEAF OR HARD OF HEARING HAVE A FULLER EXPERIENCE OF A LIVE PERFORMANCE THROUGH COORDINATED VIBRATIONS. WHEN YOU PUT ON THIS SHIRT AND YOU VISCERALLY FEEL THAT MUSIC COME TO LIFE, THAT YOU CAN’T NECESSARILY HEAR, IF YOU HAVE THESE DISABILITIES, IT JUST CHANGES THE EXPERIENCE FOR THAT PERSON SO MUCH. WHILE RESEARCHING NEW TECHNOLOGY FOR ARTS ACCESSIBILITY, ANDY CASANO, VICE PRESIDENT OF PROGRAMING AND EDUCATION FOR OMAHA PERFORMING ARTS, SAYS HE STUMBLED ACROSS THE SOUND SHIRT AND KNEW OPA NEEDED TO BRING IT TO OMAHA. WHETHER THEY’RE WITH THE SYMPHONY OR ON BROADWAY OR ROCK AND ROLL OR THE OPERA, YOU NAME IT, THAT THIS TECHNOLOGY WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THOSE PERFORMANCES OVER THE COURSE OF THE NEXT YEAR. OPA WILL BE PILOTING THE SOUND SHIRT DURING DIFFERENT EVENTS. IT’S SUCH A LITTLE THING TO ADD, BUT IT’S COMPLETELY TRANSFORMATIVE, EVENTUALLY ADDING IT TO THEIR LIST OF FREE ACCESSIBILITY TOOLS. OMAHA PERFORMING ARTS WILL OFFICIALLY UNVEIL THE SOUND SHIRT TO THE PUBLIC THURSDAY. DURING THEIR VOICES AMPLIFIED EVENT AT 630. MORE INFORMATION ON THAT CAN BE FOUND AT THIS STORY@KETV.COM. REPORTING IN Advertisement 'Completely transformative': Omaha Performing Arts pilots new technology for arts accessibility A jacket is enhancing live music and performance experiences through real-time touch sensations. It's called the SoundShirt and Omaha Performing Arts is one of the first performance venues in the world to introduce it. Share Copy Link Copy A jacket is enhancing live music and performance experiences through real-time touch sensations. It's called the SoundShirt, and Omaha Performing Arts is one of the first performance venues in the world to introduce it. It's a lightweight, zip-up jacket with sound actuators built in, and its goal is to help people who are deaf or hard of hearing have a fuller experience of a live performance through coordinated vibrations. ""A lot of times they're looking and watching ASL, somebody who's doing American Sign Language, or they're reading a captions,"" Andy Cassano, vice president of programming and education for Omaha Performing Arts, said. ""Well, now they're not just looking at the person who is signing. They can feel the intensity of what's happening and where it's happening on the entire stage. If you just took those four channel, you just took those four channels, you could put the cellos here and the violas here, one section of violin here, and one section of violins here, and they would vibrate according to who was playing.""While researching new technology for arts accessibility, Cassano said he stumbled across technology similar to the SoundShirt and started to dig further, eventually discovering CuteCircuit, the company who created the SoundShirt. ""The more and more I investigated about this technology, I kept thinking to myself, why can't we do this in Omaha?,"" Cassano said. ""After, again, a lot of research and a lot of conversations with this company, which is based in London and bringing in our technical people and also involving members of the deaf and hard of hearing community, all throughout, Omaha, people who we work with for ASL interpretation that Broadway shows to the Nebraska Commission on the Deaf and hard of hearing, to a number of just individuals, about how to provide the best experience and how we can utilize this. We brought the technology here. We started to pilot it on a number of programs, both now and going to be continuing that through next year as well.""Over the course of the next year, O-pa will be piloting the SoundShirt during different events. ""Whether they're with the symphony or on Broadway or rock and roll or the opera, you name it, this technology will be available for every single one of those performances,"" Cassano said. ""It's such a little thing to add, but it's completely transformative.""Eventually, the SoundShirt will be added to O-pa's list of free accessibility tools.""It really is as simple as, just letting us know that you need the program, you need the, the equipment. And at that simple request, we can make sure that it's available,"" Cassano said. ""People who are deaf and hard of hearing know that they are welcome, that we want them to be here, and that hopefully this makes it a lot easier and a lot more memorable.""Omaha Performing Arts will officially unveil the SoundShirt to the public Thursday during their Voices AMPLIFIED! event at 6:30. The event at the Holland Center is called Interwoven: Where Fashion & Technology Connect. It will feature a fashion show of adaptive designs by and for people with disabilities, followed by a silent disco where the SoundShirt will be demonstrated. The event is open to the public and is a ""Choose-What-You-Pay,"" which does offer a $0 option, so cost isn't a barrier. Registration is available now, click here. NAVIGATE: Home | Weather | Local News | National | Sports | Newscasts on demand |",,,,Omaha Performing Arts is one of the first performance venues in the world to introduce it,Omaha Performing Arts is one of the first performance venues in the world to introduce it. it's called the SoundShirt and Omaha Performing Arts is one of the first performance venues in the world to introduce it. it's a lightweight zip-up jacket with sound actuators built in.,"PERFORMING ARTS: A jacket is enhancing live music and performance experiences through real-time touch sensations. OMAHA will officially unveil the SoundShirt to the public Thursday at 6:30 p.m. it will feature a fashion show of adaptive designs by and for people with disabilities, followed by an silent disco where the soundshirt will be demonstrated."
45,https://www.marketsmedia.com/quantum-technology-to-take-markets-to-mars/,Quantum Technology to Take “Markets to Mars”,"Daily Email Feature Quantum Technology to Take “Markets to Mars” This month JPMorgan Chase and technology company Infleqtion released a new open source quantum software library designed to improve the efficiency of potential applications and use cases. This reinforces the belief of Brad Levy, chief executive of Symphony, whichprovides four interconnected platforms for messaging, voice, directory and analytics (MVDA), that quantum computing will destabilize, and may invalidate, many foundations of business, including current encryption methods. Infleqtion said the new library addresses one of the biggest current barriers in quantum computing, which is the scale of hardware typically needed to achieve practical fault tolerance. The library allows between 10 and 100 times reductions in the number of physical qubits required to run quantum programs. Qubits enable computing exponentially faster than the classical systems based on binary logic. Pranav Gokhale, general manager of computing at Infleqtion, said in a statement: “Through our work with JPMorgan, we’re showing how software and hardware innovation, especially the flexibility of our Sqale quantum processor, can work together to move the financial industry toward commercial use of quantum computing faster.” The Symphony Innovate conference in London on 21 May 2025 included a panel on cybersecurity and quantum panel. Levy told Markets Media: “The undercurrent is that if we can’t figure out how to protect ourselves in a world of basic speed and binary technology, then we have to really be concerned about security and encryption.” In January last year the World Economic Forum (WEF) and the FCA, the UK regulator, published a white paper on a roadmap to inform global regulatory and industry approaches for a quantum secure financial sector.. The paper said the financial sector “stands on the brink of a transformation from a digital economy to a quantum economy.” In a blog in April 2025, Markets To Mars: How Quantum Will Change the Fabric of Finance Forever, Levy and Dietmar Fauser, chief information officer at Symphony, said quantum computing will destabilize and may invalidate current encryption methods, and will also accelerate artificial intelligence to unimaginable speeds. Scientists are still searching for the Theory of Everything, a single equation that can define both the large-scale cosmological structure of the universe and the quantum world. Levy and Fauser compared the entirety of interconnected global markets to the galaxy and said this global whole will undergo a revolutionary transformation with the advent of quantum computing. The galaxy is made up of solar systems, the equivalent of individual companies in this analogy, who will have to adapt all their financial workflows due to quantum technology. Further down, at the nano-market level, Symphony’s technology addresses granular details to ensure market liquidity and security. Levy argued that Symphony’s strength is its detailed understanding of market dynamics such as how collateral and margin is structured, and how repo and stock loan markets works. As a result, the firm is developing secure quantum-secure workflows that encrypt daily financial workflows at this nano-level to protect financial stability. Voice and messaging In addition to preparing for the development of quantum technology, voice and messaging is still important to Symphony. Levy said: “Voice is a big deal for us and we are pushing that product hard. It is still a massive opportunity in terms of people want to be secure and compliant” Symphony has combined its AI and domain expertise with Google Cloud’s transcription and generative artificial intelligence capabilities to enhance its Cloud9 voice product with speech-to-text fine-tuning and natural language processing (NLP) capabilities. Many banks have embedded Symphony’s Federation, which unifies popular mobile communication channels such as WhatsApp, SMS and WeChat in a secure and compliance-enabling interface, in their own platforms according to Levy. Contain, converge and collaborate Federation is an example of Symphony always putting security first as the firm looks to “contain, converge and collaborate”, according to Levy. Symphony has also been rolling out confidential cloud which allow firms to securely manage keys that decrypt messages in the cloud, rather than on premise. Levy compared moving data between the cloud and the edge, devices at or near the physical location of either the user or the source of the data, to yoga – people don’t get hurt in position but when they move to the next position. In terms of convergence, Symphony has made acquisitions such as Cloud9 which securely brings voice and messaging together. “People are also looking at being in multiple asset classes, at being public and private investors and investing in both Europe and the US,” said Levy. “Convergence is real.” Symphony also co-operates with relevant firms and Levy said the firm will be looking at more post-trade partnerships. In April 2025 Euroclear Bank said the collateral management services business is using Taskize, an investment operations collaboration platform, as well as its integrations with email and Symphony Messaging, to make query resolution faster and easier to manage. Levy said: “We want to make sure that we are in the settlement flow for the buy side, the sell side and custody, which is not easy.”",,,,"Quantum Computing will destabilize and invalidate many foundations of business, including current encryption methods","quantum computing will destabilize and invalidate many foundations of business, including current encryption methods. the new library allows between 10 and 100 times reductions in the number of physical qubits required to run quantum programs.",", a new open source quantum software library designed to improve the efficiency of potential applications and use cases. The new library addresses one of the biggest current barriers in quantum computing, which is the scale of hardware typically needed to achieve practical fault tolerance. Symphony has also been rolling out confidential cloud which allow firms to securely manage keys that decrypt messages in the cloud, rather than on premise."
46,https://hardwareretailing.com/verizon-survey-shows-strong-technology-and-ai-adoption-among-smbs/,Verizon Survey Shows Strong Technology and AI Adoption Among SMBs,"Share  Verizon Business announced the results of its sixth annual State of Small Business Survey, reporting that small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) are strongly adopting technology to increase market growth and operational efficiency. Driven by increasing accessibility to artificial intelligence (AI) and content creation tools, SMBs are expanding their marketing and sales capabilities. Social media as a key driver in this, with 58% of SMBs are now on TikTok and 38% actively integrating AI into their operations. “Small business owners are entering a new chapter of digital business with the rise of AI,” says Aparna Khurjekar, chief revenue officer, business markets and SaaS, Verizon Business. “At Verizon, we are committed to supporting our SMB community in navigating their business through the latest technology to help deliver growth and protect their assets from emerging cyber threats.” The survey also found that SMBs are using AI for employee management strategies and cybersecurity efforts. Around 19% of respondents reported they are already using AI for recruitment and talent sourcing purposes and 56% think AI can help their business solve staffing issues. Almost half of the respondents (47%) also invested in technologies to improve cybersecurity last year.",,,,SMBs are using AI for employee management strategies and cybersecurity efforts,58% of SMBs are now on TikTok and 38% actively integrating AI into their operations. the survey also found that SMBs are using AI for employee management strategies and cybersecurity efforts.,". Share Verizon Business announced the results of its sixth annual State of Small Business Survey. About 19% of respondents reported they are already using AI for recruitment and talent sourcing purposes & 56% think AI can help their business solve staffing issues - nearly half of the respondents (47%) also invested in technologies to improve cybersecurity last year. “Small business owners are entering a new chapter of digital business with the rise of AI,” says Aparna Khurjekar, chief revenue officer, business markets and SaaS."
47,https://www.reuters.com/business/world-at-work/nike-cuts-some-jobs-technology-division-2025-05-20/,Nike cuts some jobs in technology division,Access not allowed,,,,,,
48,https://nebraskapublicmedia.org/en/about/pressroom/press-releases/nebraska-public-media-names-duane-smith-chief-technology-officer/,Nebraska Public Media Names Duane Smith Chief Technology Officer,"In Oregon, he coordinated with state and community leaders to develop reliable distribution for emergency information, managed a comprehensive technology refresh and modernized the statewide broadcast network to better serve television viewers and radio listeners in a variety of geographic areas. LINCOLN, Neb. (May 21, 2025) – Nebraska Public Media has named Duane Smith as chief technology officer for the network. Smith is an accomplished leader in technology strategy and innovation, most recently at Oregon Public Broadcasting. Smith also worked for WJCT Public Media in Jacksonville, Fla., managing a cross-disciplinary team which included information technology, engineering, traffic and master control operations, as well as running the multi-state master control facility. He also owned and operated a successful small business and served as an electronics technician in the U.S. Navy. “I’m excited for Duane to bring his experience to Nebraska. He has a strong background in managing emergency communication systems and fostering high-performing, collaborative technology teams that will enhance service, resilience and innovation, and help us meet the needs of our audiences in both urban and rural Nebraska communities,” said Nebraska Public Media General Manager/CEO Stacey Decker. Smith will lead Nebraska Public Media’s technology vision and operations, driving digital transformation, overseeing IT infrastructure and developing strategies that enhance delivery of the network’s content on broadcast, streaming and emerging media. “At its heart, public media is about serving people, and I am honored to join Nebraska Public Media at such a critical moment in time. Together, we’ll build resilient, forward-thinking systems to ensure we connect and empower every Nebraskan,” Smith said. He will represent Nebraska Public Media as a member of several statewide technology organizations, including at the University of Nebraska. Smith is also responsible for negotiating technology-related contracts and Federal Communications Commission and Federal Aviation Administration licensing and documentation for broadcast, satellite and Emergency Alert Systems. # # # MEDIA CONTACT: Kim Rogers, 402-470-6512 About Nebraska Public Media Nebraska Public Media has connected citizens with news, sports, education and entertainment since 1954. Providing global and compelling stories from PBS and NPR, the statewide public media network also produces award-winning local content. Its programs and services reach Nebraskans on television, radio, online, social media and mobile apps. Visit NebraskaPublicMedia.org for more information.",,,,": duane Smith is an accomplished leader in technology strategy and innovation, most recently at Oregon Public Broadcasting","duane Smith is an accomplished leader in technology strategy and innovation, most recently at Oregon Public Broadcasting. he is an accomplished leader in technology strategy and innovation, most recently at Oregon Public Broadcasting. Smith will lead Nebraska Public Media’s technology vision and operations.",",,:. Smith is an accomplished leader in technology strategy and innovation, most recently at Oregon Public Broadcasting. Smith will represent Nebraska Public Media as a member of several statewide technology organizations, including at the University of Nebraska. he is also responsible for negotiating technology-related contracts and licensing and documentation for broadcast, satellite and emergency alert systems."
49,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/21/3086115/0/en/Sharps-Technology-to-Present-at-the-Aegis-Capital-Corp-2025-Virtual-Conference-on-May-22nd.html,Sharps Technology to Present at the Aegis Capital Corp. 2025 Virtual Conference on May 22nd,"NEW YORK, May 21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sharps Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: “STSS” and “STSSW”) (“Sharps”), an innovative medical device and pharmaceutical packaging company offering patented, best-in-class smart-safety syringe products to the healthcare industry, today announced that Robert Hayes, CEO, is scheduled to present at the Aegis Capital Corp. 2025 Virtual Conference on May 22, 2025 at 1:00 p.m. ET. Presentation Details: Presenter: Robert Hayes, CEO Robert Hayes, CEO Date: May 22, 2025 May 22, 2025 Time: 1:00 p.m. ET 1:00 p.m. ET Webcast: Register Here About Sharps Technology: Sharps Technology is an innovative medical device and pharmaceutical packaging company offering patented, best-in-class smart-safety syringe products to the healthcare industry. The Company’s product lines focus on providing ultra-low waste capabilities, that incorporate syringe technologies that use both passive and active safety features. Sharps also offers products that are designed with specialized copolymer technology to support the prefillable syringe market segment. The Company has a manufacturing facility in Hungary. For additional information, please visit www.sharpstechnology.com. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: This press release contains “forward-looking statements”. Forward-looking statements reflect our current view about future events. When used in this press release, the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “poised” or the negative of these terms and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such statements, include, but are not limited to, statements contained in this press release relating to our business strategy, our future operating results and liquidity, and capital resources outlook. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees of assurance of future performance. We caution you therefore against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, our ability to raise capital to fund continuing operations; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; the impact of any infringement actions or other litigation brought against us; competition from other providers and products; our ability to develop and commercialize products and services; changes in government regulation; our ability to complete capital raising transactions; and other factors relating to our industry, our operations and results of operations. Actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this release.",,,,"Sharps Technology, Inc. is an innovative medical device and pharmaceutical packaging company offering patented, best-in-class smart-safety syringe products to the healthcare industry","Sharps Technology, Inc. is an innovative medical device and pharmaceutical packaging company offering patented, best-in-class smart-safety syringe products to the healthcare industry. the Company’s product lines focus on providing ultra-low waste capabilities, that incorporate syringe technologies that use both passive and active safety features. the Company has a manufacturing facility in Hungary.","forward-looking statements reflect our current view about future events. These statements are not statements of historical fact nor guarantees of assurance of future performance - we caution you against relying on any of these forwards looking statements. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Sharps Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: STSS” and “STSSW”) is an innovative medical device and pharmaceutical packaging company offering patented, best-in-class smart-safety syringe products to the healthcare industry"
50,https://www.mondaq.com/unitedstates/new-technology/1627674/the-truth-about-cyber-insurance-in-2025-video,The Truth About Cyber Insurance In 2025 (Video) - New Technology - United States,"Could your cyber insurance claim be denied because of an AI mistake on your application? In this video, I'll uncover a recent trend: insurers rescinding cyber insurance policies after businesses file claims, often pointing to AI-generated or human errors in the original applications. Watch now to learn how to protect your business, avoid policy rescission, and ensure your insurance coverage stands when you need it most. self The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.",,,,"How to protect your business, avoid policy rescission and ensure your coverage stands when you need it most","insurers rescind cyber insurance policies after businesses file claims. they often point to AI-generated or human errors in the original applications. watch now to learn how to protect your business, avoid policy rescission and ensure your coverage stands when you need it most.",": Could your cyber insurance claim be denied because of an AI mistake on your application? Watch now to learn how to protect your business, avoid policy rescission, and ensure your insurance coverage stands when you need it most."
51,https://www.montgomeryadvertiser.com/picture-gallery/news/2025/05/21/see-the-photos-brewbaker-technology-magnet-graduation-ceremony/83775068007/,See the photos: Brewbaker Technology Magnet Graduation Ceremony,"See the photos: Brewbaker Technology Magnet Graduation Ceremony Graduates get ready before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates shake hands before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates pose for photos before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates pose for photos before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates pose for photos before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates pose for photos before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates pose for photos before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates pose for photos before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates process the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser The Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates wave to family during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates toss their caps during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates wave to family during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates wave to family during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Senior Class President Tacarria Judkins speaks during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates look for family during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Salutatorian William Johnston speaks during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Valedictorian Erin-Michael Tyler speaks during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Kameron Davis poses for his family after receiving his diploma the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates cross the stage during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Edgar Allen Hubbert II crosses the stage during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser JeNai Turner waves to family during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Principal Jason Norred speaks during the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser",,,,"Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates shake hands before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025","Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates shake hands before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025. Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates pose for photos before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025.","Jake Crandall/ Advertiser Graduates pose for photos before the Brewbaker Technology Magnet School graduation ceremony at Dunn-Oliver Academe in Montgomery, Ala., on Wednesday, May 21, 2025."
52,https://www.cbsnews.com/colorado/news/ballistics-technology-network-colorado-helps-solve-years-old-cases/,Ballistics technology used by Colorado sheriffs helps solve years-old cases,"Jefferson County looks to use ballistics technology more to solve crimes Jefferson County looks to use ballistics technology more to solve crimes Jefferson County looks to use ballistics technology more to solve crimes In Jefferson County, Erin Mulligan sits at her computer in the Colorado county's regional crime lab. It's not quite ""CSI: Colorado"" but it can sometimes feel that way to her. As a forensic scientist, she works with the National Integrated Ballistics Information Network. Forensic scientist Erin Mulligan CBS ""We will log an item here in Colorado,"" she told CBS Colorado. ""There will be a default search area that we go through that will attempt to link shooting scenes."" The practice has been used by law enforcement agencies since the early 2000s and has helped establish links between investigations, sometimes spanning years or across state lines. Locally, the Denver Police Department and the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office were the beneficiaries of the technology to help solve a crime. In March of 2022, a shooting took place in Arvada. No one was injured but evidence was collected from the crime scene, including a bullet casing. NIBIN tends to use shell casings as a way to cross reference gun manufacturers, serial numbers and give investigators something to work with. CBS ""There's a proprietary algorithm in this software that just evaluates the similarity of the markings left behind by the firearm,"" Mulligan explained. Typically, this kind of evidence can sit in the NIBIN database. But every now and then, a link will be provided which will allow agencies to reach out to one another and make a connection. ""There's a data point from that linked incident where there's a light bulb or there's a link made,"" said Mulligan. CBS Which is how Denver police got in touch with the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office. While investigating another shooting in 2023, DPD sent the casing to their crime lab, who also use NIBIN for their ballistics analysis. The database turned up a hit: the shooting from Arvada in 2022. ""The investigators can share those witness statements or the details about each of their investigation and work together,"" Mulligan added. The suspect, Michael Esadcida, was arrested and pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to 16 years as the ballistics technology provided a win for NIBIN, law enforcement and public safety.",,,,forensic scientist says there will be a default search area that will attempt to link shooting scenes,forensic scientist says there will be a default search area that will attempt to link shooting scenes. the practice has been used by law enforcement agencies since the early 2000s. a shooting took place in arvada in 2022; no one was injured.,"a shooting from Arvada in 2022. No one was injured but evidence was collected from the crime scene. NIBIN tends to use shell casings for cross reference gun manufacturers, serial numbers and give investigators something to work with."
53,https://www.themirror.com/tech/tech-news/google-launch-3d-video-call-1165043,Google to launch 3D video call technology but people have same criticism,"Google to launch 3D video call technology but people have same criticism Google's latest innovation will combine artificial intelligence and three-dimensional technology to allow users to video call in a 'natural, deeply immersive conversation experience' Google has previewed it's latest innovation, but not everyone is impressed (stock image) Google has showcased it's latest innovation in video call technology - Google Beam, which will be rolled out later this year and allow users to chat in 3D. The concept, which was originally titled Project Starline, uses AI to make calls appear fully three-dimensional from any perspective. ‌  The first Google Beam devices will be unveiled by partner HP in the coming weeks, before sales commence later in 2025. Social media technology enthusiast, Tom's Guide shared a video to TikTok of the exciting innovation being introduced at a press conference, but not everyone appeared to be impressed. Article continues below Explaining how it works, an introductory video stated: ""Behind the scenes, an array of six cameras captures you from different angles and the AI can merge these screens together and render you on a 3D light piece display."" Article continues below Content cannot be displayed without consent The tech boasts ""near perfect head tracking down to the millimetre"" – and at 60 frames per second in real time, users will experience a ""natural, deeply immersive conversation experience"". Responding to the clip, however, remote workers expressed their reservations about the project. ""This is like literally the very last thing I would like to see implemented into video call apps,"" one TikTok user declared. A second person quipped: ""Does anyone really want to look at a 3D version of their boss?"" ‌  A third sceptic pondered: ""How will you ever know if its not an AI talking to you cos the person in the meeting decided to use technology to their advantage? People sitting on beaches while their AI fake calls is my prediction."" A fourth admitted: ""I don't want them to see my face pores, more descriptive look of myself, and same with my co-workers."" Whilst a fifth TikTok user asked: ""Has no one learned from the 3D TV failure?"" Others, however, welcomed the idea. One individual explained: ""This will be beneficial for deaf people for online meetings and presentation by deaf or sign language interpreting services."" ‌  Meanwhile, Google said it is looking to incorporate live speech translation into the technology. ""This feature, coming today to Google Meet, lets you have authentic, near real-time translated conversations while maintaining voice, tone and expressions,"" a statement read. ""These nuanced, translated conversations feel like they're happening between people who are physically present, so they can communicate seamlessly despite the distance and language barriers. It's the first step in a broader vision to perfectly see and understand anyone around the world."" Google also said of Beam on Tuesday (May 20): ""The Google Beam platform will use AI to enable a new generation of devices that help people make meaningful connections, no matter where they are. Our state-of-the-art AI volumetric video model is what makes these calls appear fully 3D from any perspective. It transforms standard 2D video streams into realistic 3D experiences, allowing you to connect in a more natural and intuitive way."" Article continues below The company continued: ""Google Beam is built on the power and scale of Google Cloud, combined with our expertise in AI. This allows Google Beam to deliver enterprise-grade reliability, compatibility with your existing workflow and true-to-life 3D video communication. ""The combination of our AI video model and our light field display creates a profound sense of dimensionality and depth. This is what allows you to make eye contact, read subtle cues and build understanding and trust as if you were face-to-face."" Click here to follow the Mirror US on Google News to stay up to date with all the latest news, sport and entertainment stories.",,,,Google has showcased its latest innovation in video call technology - Google Beam,google has showcased its latest innovation in video call technology - Google Beam. the concept uses artificial intelligence and three-dimensional technology to make calls appear fully three-dimensional from any perspective. the first Google Beam devices will be unveiled by partner HP in the coming weeks.,": ""This is the first step in a broader vision to perfectly see and understand anyone around the world"" Google has showcased its latest innovation in video call technology - Google Beam. the concept, which was originally titled Project Starline, uses artificial intelligence and three-dimensional technology to make calls appear fully 3D from any perspective. users will have authentic, near real-time translated conversations while maintaining voice, tone and expressions."
54,https://bostonrealestatetimes.com/suffolk-technologies-invests-in-sublime-systems-supporting-breakthrough-cement-manufacturing-technology/,"Suffolk Technologies Invests in Sublime Systems, Supporting Breakthrough Cement Manufacturing Technology","BOSTON– Suffolk Technologies, the institutional venture capital platform affiliated with innovative construction leader Suffolk, has announced an investment in Sublime Systems, an advanced technology company pioneering a groundbreaking electrochemical process for cement production. This strategic investment underscores Suffolk Technologies’ continued commitment to sustainability and innovation in the construction industry. Cement production is one of the largest contributors to global carbon emissions, accounting for approximately eight percent of worldwide CO₂ output. Sublime Systems is addressing this challenge with an innovative approach that eliminates the need for traditional combustion-driven kilns. Instead, their proprietary electrochemical process, which operates at ambient temperatures, significantly reduces emissions and waste while producing a superior quality cement. This method holds the potential to achieve cost parity with conventional Portland cement on a large scale, making it a game-changer for the industry. As part of the partnership, Suffolk has pre-purchased capacity from Sublime’s upcoming first commercial manufacturing plant, set to be built in Holyoke, Massachusetts. This move reflects the growing demand for sustainable building materials and the potential for Sublime’s technology to disrupt the cement industry. “This investment and partnership serve as a powerful validation of Sublime’s innovative technology and our shared commitment to a more sustainable future,” said Dr. Leah Ellis, CEO and Co-founder of Sublime Systems. “To bring a new product like Sublime Cement to market, collaboration across the entire construction supply chain is essential. Suffolk’s involvement as a visionary general contractor helps accelerate the adoption of low-carbon cement and brings us one step closer to transforming the construction industry.” For Jit Kee Chin, EVP and Chief Technology Officer at Suffolk, the partnership is a key part of Suffolk Technologies’ mission to drive efficiency, sustainability, and transformation in the built environment. “This is more than just an investment; it’s a bold statement about the future of construction,” said Chin. “Sublime’s work represents a fundamental shift in a core component of the global built environment, and we are proud to support them with our capital, network, and dedication to a more sustainable world.” Suffolk Technologies continues to be at the forefront of identifying and accelerating innovations that address the toughest challenges in the construction industry. From labor shortages to carbon reduction, Suffolk is reshaping how America builds by supporting the development of groundbreaking technologies that transform traditional construction methods. This partnership with Sublime Systems is a significant step toward realizing the shared vision of a more sustainable and innovative construction industry, and it highlights Suffolk Technologies’ ongoing leadership in advancing the built environment through cutting-edge solutions. Related",,,,Suffolk Technologies announces investment in sublime Systems,Suffolk Technologies has announced an investment in sublime Systems. the technology company is pioneering a groundbreaking electrochemical process for cement production. the move reflects the growing demand for sustainable building materials.,"in the construction industry. Suffolk Technologies has announced an investment in Sublime Systems, an advanced technology company pioneering a groundbreaking electrochemical process for cement production. this investment underscores the growing demand for sustainable building materials and the potential for Suffolk’s technology to disrupt the cement industry, said Dr. Leah Ellis, EVP and Chief Technology Officer at Suffolk. “This investment is more than just an invest; it's an bold statement about the future of construction,” said Chin, CEO and co-founder of Suffolk Tech."
55,https://www.cnbc.com/2025/05/21/cramers-lightning-round-marvell-technology-is-a-buy.html,Cramer's Lightning Round: Marvell Technology is a buy,"Marvell Technology : ""I think Marvell is right to be bought here."" Lucid Group : ""I think Rivian is better than Lucid."" Pony.ai : ""You can ride it...This is a young person stock."" Pan American Silver : ""Pan American silver is the best silver mine, so I think you've got something going there."" Doximity : ""I cannot recommend that company because that was an unfathomable miss."" Micron : ""I think it is getting a little toppy...I sense that there is a trade here, not an investment, for the moment.""",,,,"I think Marvell is right to be bought here"" Lucid Group : ""You can ride it...This is a young person stock"" Pan American silver is the best silver mine, so I believe you've got something going there""","Marvell Technology : ""I think Marvell is right to be bought here"" Lucid Group : ""you can ride it...This is a young person stock"" Pan American silver is the best silver mine, so I think you've got something going there""",": Marvell Technology : ""I think it is right to be bought here."" Lucid Group - ""You can ride it...This is a young person stock,"" Pony.ai says. Doximity says ""it's getting an unfathomable miss."" Micron et al."
56,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/shine-announces-two-strategic-appointments-to-advance-fusion-technology-and-market-expansion-302462344.html,SHINE Announces Two Strategic Appointments to Advance Fusion Technology and Market Expansion,"Healthcare technology leader Dr. Gregory Sorensen joins Board of Directors; Defense expert Col. (Ret.) Gregory Van Dyk joins as Strategic Advisor JANESVILLE, Wis., May 21, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- SHINE Technologies, LLC, a next-generation fusion technology company with commercialized platforms in industrial testing and medical isotopes, today announced the appointments of Dr. Gregory Sorensen, co-founder of DeepHealth and Chief Science Officer of RadNet, and Col. (Ret.) Gregory K. Van Dyk, U.S. Air Force, as strategic advisor to its Board of Directors. These appointments bring deep expertise in healthcare technology and national security to SHINE as the company expands the reach of its fusion applications across commercial and defense markets. ""Fusion technology provides real-world solutions to big infrastructure problems in highly specialized markets,"" said Greg Piefer, founder and CEO of SHINE. ""These appointments expand our ability to understand and access these markets quickly. Dr. Sorensen is a strong addition to our already distinguished board, having rare depth in the healthcare space that spans founding, growing, and selling startups through executive operations at multinational conglomerates. Col. Van Dyk brings a career of leadership and widespread connectivity in the radiation effects testing arena, with a specific focus on the effects of DT fusion neutrons."" Dr. Sorensen: Guiding Commercial Strategy and Innovation Dr. Sorensen brings decades of experience at the intersection of healthcare, imaging, and technology. As co-founder of DeepHealth (now RadNet's AI division) and former President and CEO of Siemens Healthcare North America, he has led the development and commercialization of transformative medical technologies. He will advise SHINE on strategic growth initiatives, partnerships, and the expansion of its fusion-enabled medical isotope business. ""SHINE represents the promise of fusion – not as a science experiment, but as a real-world solution,"" said Dr. Sorensen. ""I'm excited and honored to help guide the company's growth into new healthcare and commercial markets."" Col. (Ret.) Van Dyk: Advancing National Security through Fusion Col. (Ret.) Van Dyk, Ph.D. joins SHINE following a distinguished 22-year career in the U.S. Air Force, where he specialized in nuclear engineering, fusion technology, and strategic deterrence. He previously led the Department of Defense's Fusion for National Security initiative and managed a $207 million annual R&D portfolio at the National Nuclear Security Administration along with leading two multi-billion-dollar programs in the Department of Defense. His appointment comes at a critical time as SHINE expands FLARE (Fusion Linear Accelerator for Radiation Effects), a high-energy neutron testing service that enables defense contractors to evaluate the resilience of microelectronics and mission-critical systems in extreme radiation environments. ""SHINE's fusion platform is practical, innovative, and timely,"" said Van Dyk. ""FLARE offers a new capability for understanding how our most important defense technologies perform under the toughest conditions."" About SHINE Headquartered in Janesville, Wisconsin, SHINE is an industry leader in next-generation fusion, developing innovative fusion-based technology that combines safety, cost-efficiency and environmental responsibility. SHINE has successfully commercialized fusion across multiple applications, including neutron testing markets such as neutron radiography, radiation-effects testing and fusion material research. It has commercialized and is scaling its proprietary medical isotope production, processes, supplying high-quality radioisotopes essential for procedures including diagnosing heart disease and cancer as well as cancer therapy. Beyond these applications, SHINE is pioneering nuclear waste recycling to make nuclear energy more sustainable. Its long-term purpose is to change the way humans make energy by commercializing fusion energy. Unlike other fusion companies, SHINE takes a commercially driven path mirroring successful deep-tech industries. Through this visionary approach, SHINE is advancing technology, healthcare, and sustainable energy, making a lasting impact across multiple sectors. SOURCE SHINE Technologies, LLC",,,,fusion technology leader Gregory Sorensen joins board of directors,"fusion technology leader Dr. Gregory Sorensen joins board of directors. he will advise SHINE on strategic growth initiatives, partnerships, and the expansion of its fusion-enabled medical isotope business. he will lead the company's growth into new healthcare and commercial markets.",",,, and Col. (Ret.) Gregory Van Dyk, U.S. Air Force, joins SHINE as strategic advisor to its Board of Directors. Dr. Gregory Sorensen, co-founder of DeepHealth, is an industry leader in next-generation fusion technology, developing innovative technology that combines safety, cost-efficiency and environmental responsibility. he has previously led the Department of Defense's Fusion for National Security initiative."
57,https://www.coolingpost.com/world-news/nano-technology-brings-major-advance-in-thermoelectrics/,Nano technology brings major advance in thermoelectrics,"USA: Researchers in the US claim to have developed an easily manufacturable solid-state thermoelectric refrigeration technology that is twice as efficient as similar devices. This advancement, using nano-engineered materials, is said to offer a scalable alternative to traditional compressor-based refrigeration. In a paper published in Nature Communications, a team of researchers from the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) in Laurel, Maryland, and refrigeration engineers from Samsung Research, demonstrated improved heat-pumping efficiency and capacity in refrigeration systems. The increased efficiency is attributed to high-performance nano-engineered thermoelectric materials invented at APL known as controlled hierarchically engineered superlattice structures (CHESS). The CHESS technology is the result of 10 years of APL research in advanced nano-engineered thermoelectric materials and applications development. Initially developed for national security applications, the material has also been used for non-invasive cooling therapies for prosthetics and won an R&D 100 award in 2023. “This real-world demonstration of refrigeration using new thermoelectric materials showcases the capabilities of nano-engineered CHESS thin films,” said Rama Venkatasubramanian, principal investigator of the joint project and chief technologist for thermoelectrics at APL. “It marks a significant leap in cooling technology and sets the stage for translating advances in thermoelectric materials into practical, large-scale, energy-efficient refrigeration applications.” Thermoelectric refrigeration cools by using electrons to move heat through specialised semiconductor materials, eliminating the need for moving parts or refrigerants. Bulk thermoelectric materials are used in small devices like mini-fridges, but their limited efficiency, low heat-pumping capacity and incompatibility with scalable semiconductor chip fabrication have historically prevented their wider use in high-performance systems. In the study, researchers compared refrigeration modules using traditional bulk thermoelectric materials with those using CHESS thin-film materials in standardised refrigeration tests, measuring and comparing the electrical power needed to achieve various cooling levels in the same commercial refrigerator test systems. Researchers analyse thin films made to produce the CHESS materials. Photo: Johns Hopkins APL/Ed Whitman The refrigeration team from Samsung Research’s Life Solution Team collaborated with APL to validate the results through detailed thermal modelling, quantifying heat loads and thermal resistance parameters to ensure accurate performance evaluation under real-world conditions. Using CHESS materials, the APL team is said to have achieved nearly 100% improvement in efficiency over traditional thermoelectric materials at room temperature (around 25ºC). They then translated these material-level gains into a near 75% improvement in efficiency at the device level in thermoelectric modules built with CHESS materials and a 70% improvement in efficiency in a fully integrated refrigeration system, each representing a significant improvement over state-of-the-art bulk thermoelectric devices. These tests were completed under conditions that involved significant amounts of heat pumping to replicate practical operation. Built to scale Beyond improving efficiency, the CHESS thin-film technology uses remarkably less material — just 0.003 cubic centimeters, or about the size of a grain of sand, per refrigeration unit. This reduction in material means APL’s thermoelectric materials could be mass-produced using semiconductor chip production tools, driving cost efficiency and enabling widespread market adoption. “This thin-film technology has the potential to grow from powering small-scale refrigeration systems to supporting large building HVAC applications, similar to the way lithium-ion batteries have been scaled to power devices as small as mobile phones and as large as electric vehicles,” Venkatasubramanian said. These materials and devices continue to show promise for a broad range of energy-harvesting and electronics applications in addition to the recent advances in refrigeration. APL plans to continue to partner with organizations to refine the CHESS thermoelectric materials with a focus on boosting efficiency to approach that of conventional mechanical systems. Future efforts include demonstrating larger-scale refrigeration systems, including freezers, and integrating artificial intelligence-driven methods to optimise energy efficiency in compartmentalised or distributed cooling in HVACR equipment.",,,,'Nothing': Scientists demonstrated improved heat-pumping efficiency and capacity in refrigeration systems,"researchers from the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, demonstrated improved heat-pumping efficiency and capacity in refrigeration systems. the technology is the result of 10 years of research in advanced nano-engineered thermoelectric materials and applications development. the material has also been used for non-invasive cooling therapies for prosthetics.","researchers from the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) in Laurel, Maryland, and refrigeration engineers from Samsung Research, demonstrated improved heat-pumping efficiency and capacity in refrigeration systems. the technology is the result of 10 years of research in advanced nano-engineered thermoelectric materials and applications development, claiming to offer a scalable alternative to traditional compressor-based refrigeration. researchers analyse thin films made to produce the CHESS materials, which is twice as efficient as similar devices."
58,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250521188019/en/Sonos-Announces-Participation-in-Jefferies-Public-Technology-Conference,Sonos Announces Participation in Jefferies Public Technology Conference,"SANTA BARBARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sonos, Inc. (Nasdaq: SONO) today announced that Saori Casey, Chief Financial Officer, will participate in a fireside chat with Jefferies analyst Brent Thill at the Jefferies Public Technology Conference on Wednesday, May 28. The fireside chat will begin at 12:30 pm Pacific. A live webcast and replay of the fireside chat will be accessible in the News & Events section of the Sonos investor relations website: https://investors.sonos.com/news-and-events/default.aspx#section=events-and-presentations. About Sonos Sonos (Nasdaq: SONO) is one of the world’s leading sound experience brands. As the inventor of multi-room wireless home audio, Sonos’ innovation helps the world listen better by giving people access to the content they love and allowing them to control it however they choose. Known for delivering an unparalleled sound experience, thoughtful home design aesthetic, simplicity of use and an open platform, Sonos makes the breadth of audio content available to anyone. Sonos is headquartered in Santa Barbara, California. Learn more at www.sonos.com.",,,,The fireside chat begins at 12:30 pm Pacific,the fireside chat will begin at 12:30 pm Pacific. a live webcast and replay of the chat will be accessible in the News & Events section of the Sonos investor relations website.,": SONO) today announced that Saori Casey, Chief Financial Officer, will participate in a fireside chat with Jefferies analyst Brent Thill. the event will begin at 12:30 pm Pacific on Wednesday, May 28. Sonos, Inc. is one of the world’s leading sound experience brands."
59,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cognex-to-present-at-the-td-cowen-technology-media--telecom-conference-302462387.html,"Cognex to Present at the TD Cowen Technology, Media & Telecom Conference","NATICK, Mass., May 21, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Cognex Corporation (NASDAQ: CGNX) today announced that Rob Willett, Chief Executive Officer, will participate in a fireside chat at the 53rd annual TD Cowen Technology, Media & Telecom Conference on Wednesday, May 28, 2025, beginning at 10:50 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time. The presentation will be made available via webcast on the Investor Relations section of the Cognex website at www.cognex.com/investor. About Cognex Corporation Cognex Corporation (""Cognex"") invents and commercializes technologies that address some of the most critical manufacturing and distribution challenges. We are a leading global provider of machine vision products and solutions that improve efficiency and quality in a wide range of businesses across attractive industrial end markets. Our solutions blend physical products and software to capture and analyze visual information, allowing for the automation of manufacturing and distribution tasks for customers worldwide. Machine vision products are used to automate the manufacturing or distribution and tracking of discrete items, such as mobile phones, automotive components, and e-commerce packages, by locating, identifying, inspecting, and measuring them. Machine vision is particularly valuable for applications in which human vision is inadequate to meet requirements for size, accuracy, or speed, or in instances where substantial cost savings are obtained through the reduction of labor or improved product quality. Cognex is the world's leader in the machine vision industry, having shipped more than 5 million image-based products, representing over $12 billion in cumulative revenue, since the company's founding in 1981. Headquartered in Natick, Massachusetts, USA, Cognex has offices and distributors located throughout the Americas, Europe, and Asia. For details, visit Cognex online at www.cognex.com. Investor Contacts: Greer Aviv – Investor Relations Jordan Bertier – Senior Manager, Investor Relations Cognex Corporation [email protected] SOURCE Cognex Corporation",,,,"TD Cowen Technology, Media & Telecom Conference: Give a suitable Provocative and attention-grabbing headline for the article","a fireside chat will be held at the 53rd annual TD Cowen Technology, Media & Telecom Conference. the presentation will be made available via webcast on the Investor Relations section of the Cognex website at www.cognex.com/investor. Cognex is the world's leader in the machine vision industry.","Cognex Corporation (NASDAQ: CGNX) today announced that Rob Willett, Chief Executive Officer, will participate in a fireside chat at the 53rd annual TD Cowen Technology, Media & Telecom Conference on Wednesday, May 28, 2025. The presentation will be made available via webcast on the Investor Relations section of the company's website at www.cognexx.com/investor."
60,https://wtov9.com/news/local/news9-special-assignment-ov-schools-enhance-security-with-new-measures-and-technology-security-technology-schools-safety-hancock-county-weapon-detectors-measures-students,NEWS9 Special Assignment: OV schools enhance security with new measures and technology,"Schools in the Ohio Valley are taking significant steps to enhance safety and security, with Hancock County Schools among those leading the charge by implementing new measures and technology. ""You have to start a couple years ago when I was interviewing for the job of superintendent. One of my main goals was safety and security and implementing that at a county-wide basis,"" Superintendent Dan Enich said. ""Now fast forward two years into that, we're starting to put the hammer down on a lot of these things."" A $10.5 million levy has enabled Hancock County Schools to hire a security coordinator and increase the presence of officers. The district is also introducing new technology, including vestibule ID scanners and weapon detectors. ""We're going to have weapon detectors at all of our schools, and we're going to have a trial run with that at the graduations here at Oak Glen and Weir High, so if you're coming to the graduations, be aware that there may be a small wait to get in because we're going to test out our weapon detectors at that time,"" Enich said. Indian Creek High School, which opened new doors in 2022, has also incorporated modern safety measures. ""We're fortunate that we have very modern facilities, and the architects worked with Department of Homeland Security protocols in designing this building,"" Assistant Superintendent John Belt said. “At the time it was designed 3 years ago, it was state-of-the art. Obviously technology evolves, but some of the safety features we have in all our buildings, the secretaries have a direct line of sight of anyone approaching the building."" There is ballistic glass with multiple ways of locking doors. If someone were to breach the main entrance, the building has a secure vestibule. The school has a kiosk system in that same space so permitted guests can be easily and quickly identified before going further. ""They scan it, and it does an immediate background check on the predator database, it prints out a sticker that has their state issue photo on it, actually says where they're going in the building, so if a staff member sees somebody they don't recognize, they just have to look at the badge,"" Belt said. In Cadiz, Harrison City Schools have installed new metal detectors and updated entry processes. ""The implementation of our security system has updated really in response to national trends and paying attention to what is required of schools with providing layers of security for our students, our families, and employees,"" Superintendent Duran Morgan said. The system began in April with a brief trial run ahead of being put to full use, allowing students, staff and school safety personnel time to best learn the process. The district has been planning and saving for this equipment for years, culminating in a purchase and installation plan. ""It's an investment by the board of education in excess of $350,00 over the course of four years but money well spent,"" Morgan said. Money well spent was the main point all of these schools pointed to when it came to increasing safety and security. The process of hearing from students, staff, parents, and the community was how each these districts came to the decision they did and what was the best fit for them.",,,,Hancock County Schools are hiring a security coordinator,"a $10.5 million levy has enabled Hancock County Schools to hire a security coordinator. the district is also introducing new technology, including vestibule ID scanners and weapon detectors. the district has been planning and saving for this equipment for years.",", a $10.5 million levy, has enabled Hancock County Schools to hire security coordinators. the district is also introducing new technology, including vestibule ID scanners and weapon detectors. ""we're fortunate that we have very modern facilities, and the architects worked with Department of Homeland Security protocols in designing this building,"" Superintendent said."
61,https://www.builtinaustin.com/articles/crowdstrike-partners-with-ignition-technology-20250521,Cybersecurity Platform CrowdStrike Expands Partnership With Ignition Technology,"Austin-based CrowdStrike is expanding its European distribution agreement with Ignition Technology, making CrowdStrike’s Falcon cybersecurity platform available to Ignition’s partner network across Benelux, France, Spain, Portugal, Italy and Greece. According to CrowdStrike, the two companies already have an established partnership, and this expansion aims to meet the growing demand in Europe for unified cybersecurity solutions. By leveraging Ignition’s channel development expertise and partner network, CrowdStrike expects to provide more organizations access to AI-driven protections that reduce operational complexity and replace fragmented security tools. “Our partnership with Ignition continues to deliver what matters most: protecting customers and stopping breaches. By expanding our partnership in key European markets, we’re doubling down on our partner-first strategy, enabling more partners to drive consolidation, reduce risk and deliver real results with the power of the Falcon platform,” CrowdStrike’s Dan Danielli said in a statement.",,,,CrowdStrike is expanding its European distribution agreement with Ignition Technology,CrowdStrike is expanding its European distribution agreement with Ignition Technology. the two companies already have an established partnership. this expansion aims to meet the growing demand in Europe for unified cybersecurity solutions.,"Austin-based CrowdStrike is expanding its European distribution agreement with Ignition Technology, making CrowdeStre’s Falcon cybersecurity platform available to the partner network across Benelux, France, Spain, Portugal, Italy and Greece. the two companies already have an established partnership, and this expansion aims to meet the growing demand in Europe for unified cybersecurity solutions."
62,https://paproviders.org/pa-technology-accelerator-providers-encouraged-to-complete-technology-survey/,PA Technology Accelerator – Providers Encouraged to Complete Technology Survey,"The Pennsylvania Office of Developmental Programs (ODP), Office of Long-Term Living (OLTL), Temple University, and the University of Kansas have established the PA Technology Accelerator, a series of activities intended to support PA in becoming the next Technology First State. As a Technology First State, programs and policies are modernized and harmonized to ensure seamless deployment and training on innovative technology solutions. Providers play a critical role in achieving this goal and are invited to complete an online survey to inform technology resources and supports for providers across the state. Providers are requested to complete one (1) survey per organization and submit responses by June 13, 2025. The survey should take less than one hour to complete. Responses will provide critical information to build and enhance programs to ensure providers have the necessary information and tools to advance access to technology solutions for their clients across the Commonwealth. If you have questions or would like to preview the survey content before responding, please contact Kaley Day. For additional information, view the Provider Survey Recruitment Flyer. Take the Survey Or copy and paste the URL below into your internet browser: https://kusurvey.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_9Hoe5ZKZEClXU5E",,,,The PA Technology Accelerator is a series of activities intended to support PA in becoming the next Technology First State,the PA Technology Accelerator is a series of activities intended to support PA in becoming the next Technology First State. Providers are invited to complete an online survey to inform technology resources and supports for providers across the state. the survey should take less than one hour to complete.,": The Pennsylvania Department of Developmental Programs (ODP), Office of Long-Term Living (OLTL), Temple University, and the University of Kansas have established the PA Technology Accelerator. Providers play a critical role in achieving this goal and are invited to complete an online survey to inform technology resources and supports for providers across the state. providers must complete one (1) survey per organization and submit responses by June 13, 2025."
63,https://www.eurekalert.org/news-releases/1084770,New CRISPR technology could help repair damaged neurons,Access not allowed,,,,,,
64,https://www.cleanroomtechnology.com/today-s-highlights-day-2-at-the-cleanroom-technology,Today's highlights: Day 2 at the Cleanroom Technology Conference 2025,"The second day of the Cleanroom Technology Conference has now kicked off! There was a fantastic buzz around the hall following the previous night's quiz and networking drinks. The Ansell-sponsored session saw the quizmaster dressed in a cleanroom gown, to the delight of delegates. Exhibitors were going ready and waiting going into the second day, many with solid leads. So spirits were high among all delegates. Moving into the conference, the day started off with a talk from Tim Triggs from ATi on cleanroom testing and operations. Triggs pointed out some old terminology still being used that we should be phasing out such as laminar air flow, and newer terminology that is gaining traction, such as first air. The Q&A session for Triggs saw many good conversations, too, about equipment qualifications, alarm delays, and more. Next up on the day's agenda was Steve Marnach from DuPont. Marnach gave a talk about validating protective cleanroom garments, with regard to the 2022 GMP Annex 1. Marnach told delegates that with the new Annex 1, when you have microbial growth in a Grade A cleanroom, you need to understand where it is coming from. Marnach referenced a recent study from Dr Laurie Smith, who did this and found that 90% was from operators. This underlines the importance of garment qualification. To add a piece to this puzzle, Marnach also stressed how important it is to look at your garments' filtration efficiency when they are well-used, not just when they are new. Andrew Wert from CertAir was next up giving a talk about AI and robotics in cleanroom certification. Wert spoke about product design with regard to these. The air quality expert spoke about an often unacknowledged fact that what people say vs what they do can be totally different things. When designing an automation product, you need to observe people without them knowing that you are observing them. ""How people actually perform a task can vary from what they would present to you,"" he said. Automation can be a game-changer for this problem. Wert spoke about the filter integrity testing automated product that they provide and how compared it to manual processes. But he says they are by far not the only ones. ""38% of new sterile pharma productionslines since 2022 use robots,"" he says. The conference is ongoing, so stay tuned for more updates on the conference today!",,,,The second day of the Cleanroom Technology Conference started with a talk from delegates on cleanroom testing and operations,"the second day of the Cleanroom Technology Conference kicked off. the conference started with a talk from delegates on cleanroom testing and operations. the conference is ongoing, so stay tuned for more updates on the conference today.",": The second day of the Cleanroom Technology Conference has now kicked off! there was a fantastic buzz around the hall following the previous night's quiz and networking drinks. next up on the agenda was Steve Marnach from CertAir, who spoke about cleanroom testing and operations. the conference is ongoing, so stay tuned for more updates!"
65,https://pharmaphorum.com/rd/solution-spotlight-supply-chain-and-logistics-visibility-technology,Solution Spotlight: Supply chain and logistics visibility technology,"Tive is a global leader in supply chain and logistics visibility technology. 1,000 global shippers, logistics service providers, and retailers use Tive to monitor shipment location and condition in real time, gain actionable insights, and ensure end-customer satisfaction. Tive’s cloud platform, patented sensor technology, and 24/7 monitoring services reduce excursions and delays, minimise rejected loads, and decrease theft, damage, and spoilage - because every shipment matters. What problem or status quo deficiency are you solving? The world of pharma logistics has been limited to identifying temperature excursions that cause medicines to degrade. If excursions happen, these medicines go to waste and need to be replaced. The pharmaceutical industry has taken time to evaluate new technologies that provide real-time temperature monitoring, and which enable them to be proactive in the event of excursions. Real-time tracking enables customers to monitor temperature and other causes of damage, and to proactively take action in case of excursions - helping save medicines before they are compromised. To support this, Tive recently announced the Solo Pro, a validated, real-time visibility tracker for biologics and pharmaceutical shipments, designed to streamline product releases, reduce excursions, achieve compliance, and protect product integrity from point of origin to point of delivery. What has made this problem challenging to address in the past? The pharmaceutical industry is very conservative, and change in management control is difficult to initiate and implement. As such, the industry has been a late adopter of new technologies. It is also highly regulated, and approved and validated processes are difficult to change - and evaluating new technologies takes a lot of time. The pharma supply chain is quite robust, and disruptions are rare, which has not built an urgency to find new methods of cold chain management. Recently, however, disruptions are becoming the norm, and pharma logistics companies have been forced to evaluate more efficient ways to monitor the integrity of medicines.   What new innovations does your solution bring to bear on these challenges? New sensing technology enables customers to monitor not only temperature, but to detect when medicine is mishandled, which could risk integrity. Geolocalisation also empowers shippers to have better control over the safest, most effective routes - reducing the risk of delays, loss, theft, and counterfeiting. In addition, as information and alerts are captured in real time, teams can proactively take action to save shipments. This is handled by logistic providers, but the Tive team can also actively intervene in the event of route deviations or excursions. How does your solution work? Tive’s IoT devices capture real-time temperature, humidity, shock, light, tilt, and geolocalisation, and this data is available to LSPs and/or pharmaceutical manufacturers in the Tive platform. Alerts can be set to warn that an incident has occurred, and alerts are immediately sent to stakeholders to empower action. Users can also perform post-shipment analysis to improve the efficiency of their supply chain. Finally, if a customer requires it, we provide 24/7 Managed Services to monitor a specific shipment and take action in case any alerts take place. What makes your solution stand out in the market? The logistics world today is 24/7, taking proactive action in case of incidents, and ensuring that Tive’s real-time, IoT device connectivity is reliable - and global - is crucial. To achieve this, Tive has achieved device approval on 170+ air carriers, as well as across countries, cities, and airports, and global connectivity agreements are also essential. Because sustainability is becoming more important, Tive includes a reverse logistics programme, the Tive Green Program, in the United States and Europe, with further global expansion plans underway. Finally, we have sold more than two million Tive trackers, and have gathered immense amounts of data that contribute to shipment optimisation.   How would you quantify the economic ROI of your solution? Sometimes, saving even one shipment can save a company 100x on its investment. Tive not only monitors shipments in real time, users are empowered to take proactive action when alerted to an event that could damage product integrity. On average, 8% of shipments (across all industries) experience problems with damage, loss, and theft - all of which create waste and financial losses. Real-time visibility tools like Tive significantly reduce this percentage, and your ROI can be easily calculated and well justified. What do your customers have to say about this solution? We have received extremely positive feedback about our new Solo Pro trackers, in part because the device was designed using input from customers, which are not only specialty LSPs, but also pharmaceutical and biologics manufacturers. We also took into consideration biotech companies specialising in cell & gene therapies, which have extra complex supply chains. Users are saying that the Solo Pro is the most sophisticated - and easy to operate - device available on the market. Customers also praise the continuous improvement of Tive’s platform, which enables customers to manage their shipments in real time, and the ability to use historical shipment data to optimise future shipments. The general response has been excitement, as the Solo Pro not only enables pharma companies to protect shipments, it also accelerates releases seamlessly and safely. About Tive Image Tive is the global leader in supply chain and logistics visibility technology. More than 1,000 global shippers, logistics service providers, and retailers use Tive to monitor shipment location and condition in real time, gain actionable insights, and ensure end-customer satisfaction. Tive’s cloud platform, patented sensor technology, and 24/7 Live Monitoring services reduce excursions and delays, minimize rejected loads, and decrease theft, damage, and spoilage. Customers count on Tive to ensure that shipments are delivered on time and in full—because every shipment matters. For more information, visit www.tive.com.",,,,"The pharmaceutical industry has taken time to evaluate new technologies that provide real-time temperature monitoring, and which enable them to be proactive in the event of excursions","Tive’s cloud platform, patented sensor technology, and 24/7 monitoring services reduce excursions and delays, minimise rejected loads, and decrease theft, damage, and spoilage - because every shipment matters. the pharmaceutical industry has taken time to evaluate new technologies that provide real-time temperature monitoring, and which enable them to be proactive in the event of excursions.",", Tive’s IoT devices capture real-time temperature, humidity, shock, light, tilt, and geolocalisation. customers are empowered to take proactive action when alerted to an event that could damage product integrity - reducing theft, damage and spoilage. pharma logistics companies have been forced to evaluate more efficient ways to monitor the integrity of medicines."
66,https://ibsintelligence.com/ibsi-news/banks-doubling-down-on-technology-modernisation-to-drive-customer-experience-research-reveals/,"Banks doubling down on technology modernisation to drive customer experience, research reveals","Banks doubling down on technology modernisation to drive customer experience, research reveals By Puja Sharma Today AI API Digital Bank Share Despite economic and geopolitical uncertainty banks are investing in technology with clear focus on customer experience, protection and innovation At the Temenos Community Forum 2025, the firm revealed findings from a global study showing banks are rapidly prioritising tech investments, especially in AI, data analytics, and cloud core systems, to boost customer experience, innovation, and efficiency. Amid geopolitical and economic uncertainty, 84% of banks plan to increase tech spending for customer protection and 81% for operational efficiency. While only 11% have fully deployed generative AI, 43% are actively implementing it. A majority (60%) see AI as augmenting human roles. Temenos CMO Isabelle Guis emphasised that embracing AI is essential for banks to stay competitive and agile in evolving markets. At the Temenos Community Forum ’25 in Madrid, Temenos, a global banking technology firm, shared insights from a global study by Hanover Research of 424 business and technology leaders in financial services that underscores a bold shift in banking priorities. The research shows financial institutions are accelerating investments in technology and placing customer experience, innovation, and operational efficiency at the top of their strategic agendas. Investing in technology to improve customer experience emerged as the top strategic priority for 46% of banks worldwide, followed closely by the launch of new products and services (35%), and the pursuit of greater operational efficiency (34%). In the face of rapid geopolitical changes, banks need to modernise to be able to predict, understand and adapt rapidly to market changes; capabilities their legacy systems are not equipped to deliver. To meet these demands, (77%) of financial institutions are investing in data analytics and AI-driven insights and 68% in cloud-based core banking systems, all while maintaining a strong focus on protecting both themselves and their customers as a priority. Amid the turbulence of inflation, tariffs and trade tensions, most banks anticipate they will increase investment in technology to better protect customers (84%) and technology to enhance operational efficiency (81%). In addition, three-quarters of banks plan to increase their investments to improve systems integration (75%) and data analytics (73%). Most professionals (81%) agree that if banks do not implement artificial intelligence they will fall behind competitors. While only 11% of banks have fully implemented generative AI today, 43% are in the process, indicating more than half are moving forward with real deployment. Notably, 60% of banking professionals view AI as a tool to augment, not replace the human workforce. In her plenary keynote at TCF, Isabelle Guis, Chief Marketing Officer, Temenos, said: “The message is clear: while banks continue to invest in modernisation, they’re doing so with a close eye on evolving market dynamics. Financial institutions understand that staying competitive means being ready to adapt and there’s a growing recognition that failing to embrace AI soon could leave them behind.” The study results pertaining to AI and Gen AI were discussed on a recent webinar with Jerry Silva, Program Vice President, IDC, Maya Mikhailov, Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Savvi AI and Isabelle Guis, Chief Marketing Officer at Temenos.",,,,": 84% of banks plan to increase tech spending for customer protection and 81% for operational efficiency. Only 11% have fully deployed generative AI, but 43% are actively implement it. embracing AI is essential for banks to stay competitive in evolving markets","84% of banks plan to increase tech spending for customer protection and 81% for operational efficiency. only 11% have fully deployed generative AI, but 43% are actively implementing it. embracing AI is essential for banks to stay competitive in evolving markets.","in technology to drive customer experience, protection and innovation, research reveals. 84% of banks plan to increase tech spending for customer protection, 81% for operational efficiency, a majority (60%) see AI as augmenting human roles. 80% of banking professionals view AI to augment, not replace the human workforce."
67,https://www.rochesterfirst.com/video/rit-and-ur-leads-breakthroughs-in-quantum-technology-advancements/10738130/,RIT and UR leads breakthroughs in quantum technology advancements – RochesterFirst,Access not allowed,,,,,,
68,https://sourcenm.com/briefs/new-technology-and-innovation-office-to-support-states-growth-in-targeted-industries/,New Technology and Innovation Office to support state’s growth in targeted industries,Access not allowed,,,,,,
69,https://www.cbs8.com/video/news/local/airbnb-using-technology-to-crack-down-on-parties-ahead-of-memorial-day-weekend/509-d4d970c3-d3d4-49f3-83e1-b987c574e8e0,Airbnb using technology to crack down on parties ahead of Memorial Day weekend,Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video,,,,Next up in 5 Example Video Title will go here for this video title,next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video title. next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video title will go here for this video title.,Extraget minimum 4 key key takeaways from the article in bullet points: Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video : - if you have a minimum of 4 keys takeaway from this article
70,https://africa.businessinsider.com/local/markets/getdandys-patent-pending-ai-technology-is-transforming-brand-protection/j5yebrs,GetDandy’s patent-pending AI technology is transforming brand protection,"The Origins of GetDandy Featured Post Alex Bellini, the CEO of GetDandy, founded the company when he saw how large competitors would post unfair reviews for his family’s auto body shop. There was a gap in the market for detecting these issues and taking action on behalf of brands, truly intelligent solutions that could protect local businesses. This was the inspiration behind GetDandy, a company merging AI, brand compliance, and competitive intelligence into a single platform. ADVERTISEMENT “GetDandy stands apart by offering an end-to-end AI-driven solution that covers review removal, review generation, brand compliance monitoring, competitive intelligence, and AI customer communication agents,” Bellini stated. “Our patent-pending technologies give businesses proactive control—not just passive monitoring.” An AI-Driven Solution for Brand Reputation With its unique AI-driven solution, GetDandy reviews and protects a brand’s online reputation, all while providing businesses with the competitive intelligence tools they need to get ahead. In fact, GetDandy claims to be the first tool that combines compliance monitoring with automated brand protection, ensuring its status as a partner for businesses looking to protect their online presence. An Example of Impact Featured Post ADVERTISEMENT GetDandy’s platform has already helped several businesses, including a client who had over 300 damaging reviews across their brand. Within 60 days, GetDandy’s system removed the majority of non-compliant reviews for the multi-location franchise, helping its Google rating increase by an entire star and protecting them from further compliance violations. “That case became a defining moment showing just how much impact we could have at scale,” Bellini shared. To date, GetDandy has helped businesses recover over $1 billion in revenue by protecting and repairing their digital reputations. The platform has removed over 120,000 unfair and bad reviews, replied to over 1 million reviews on behalf of its customers, and has come to be trusted by some of the world’s largest brands. For its success, the platform has been featured in major publications for innovation in AI reputation management. GetDandy’s reputation management AI for online review removal is currently patent-pending, further validating the uniqueness and effectiveness of its system. Staying Ahead of New Rulings in Online Review Spaces ADVERTISEMENT Featured Post Most recently, GetDandy has been working to keep up with the latest FTC rulings around online reviews and endorsements. The platform overcame this issue by developing patent-pending review scoring and monitoring technology, which helps clients ensure that they remain compliant while protecting brand integrity across locations. Whatever challenge a business may face in the online review space, GetDandy is prepared to adapt and address the issue. Helping Brands Find Success in the Digital Age Through review scoring, removal, and generation features, as well as other brand compliance and competitive intelligence capabilities, GetDandy is creating impact at scale. In the coming years, the platform aims to become the go-to AI platform for reputation management and competitive brand intelligence globally, aspiring to lead the industry by redefining what businesses expect from online brand protection.",,,,GetDandy’s AI for online review removal is patent-pending,"GetDandy's reputation management AI for online review removal is currently patent-pending. the platform has removed over 120,000 unfair and bad reviews, replied to over 1 million reviews on behalf of its customers, and has come to be trusted by some of the world’s largest brands.","Featured Post ADVERTISEMENT GetDandy claims to be the first tool that combines compliance monitoring with automated brand protection. The platform has already helped several businesses, including a client who had over 300 damaging reviews across their brand. the platform is currently patent-pending, further validating the uniqueness of its system."
71,https://www.technologyreview.com/2025/05/19/1116614/hao-empire-ai-openai/,Inside the story that enraged OpenAI,"At the time, few people beyond the insular world of AI research knew about OpenAI. But as a reporter at MIT Technology Review covering the ever‑expanding boundaries of artificial intelligence, I had been following its movements closely. Until that year, OpenAI had been something of a stepchild in AI research. It had an outlandish premise that AGI could be attained within a decade, when most non‑OpenAI experts doubted it could be attained at all. To much of the field, it had an obscene amount of funding despite little direction and spent too much of the money on marketing what other researchers frequently snubbed as unoriginal research. It was, for some, also an object of envy. As a nonprofit, it had said that it had no intention to chase commercialization. It was a rare intellectual playground without strings attached, a haven for fringe ideas. But in the six months leading up to my visit, the rapid slew of changes at OpenAI signaled a major shift in its trajectory. First was its confusing decision to withhold GPT‑2 and brag about it. Then its announcement that Sam Altman, who had mysteriously departed his influential perch at YC, would step in as OpenAI’s CEO with the creation of its new “capped‑profit” structure. I had already made my arrangements to visit the office when it subsequently revealed its deal with Microsoft, which gave the tech giant priority for commercializing OpenAI’s technologies and locked it into exclusively using Azure, Microsoft’s cloud‑computing platform. Each new announcement garnered fresh controversy, intense speculation, and growing attention, beginning to reach beyond the confines of the tech industry. As my colleagues and I covered the company’s progression, it was hard to grasp the full weight of what was happening. What was clear was that OpenAI was beginning to exert meaningful sway over AI research and the way policymakers were learning to understand the technology. The lab’s decision to revamp itself into a partially for‑profit business would have ripple effects across its spheres of influence in industry and government. So late one night, with the urging of my editor, I dashed off an email to Jack Clark, OpenAI’s policy director, whom I had spoken with before: I would be in town for two weeks, and it felt like the right moment in OpenAI’s history. Could I interest them in a profile? Clark passed me on to the communications head, who came back with an answer. OpenAI was indeed ready to reintroduce itself to the public. I would have three days to interview leadership and embed inside the company. Brockman and I settled into a glass meeting room with the company’s chief scientist, Ilya Sutskever. Sitting side by side at a long conference table, they each played their part. Brockman, the coder and doer, leaned forward, a little on edge, ready to make a good impression; Sutskever, the researcher and philosopher, settled back into his chair, relaxed and aloof. I opened my laptop and scrolled through my questions. OpenAI’s mission is to ensure beneficial AGI, I began. Why spend billions of dollars on this problem and not something else? Brockman nodded vigorously. He was used to defending OpenAI’s position. “The reason that we care so much about AGI and that we think it’s important to build is because we think it can help solve complex problems that are just out of reach of humans,” he said.",,,,"OpenAI's mission is to ensure beneficial AGI, I began","openAI's mission is to ensure beneficial AGI, I began. openAI had an outlandish premise that AGI could be attained within a decade. it had an obscene amount of funding despite little direction and spent too much money on marketing what other researchers frequently snubbed as unoriginal research.",", openAI was beginning to exert meaningful sway over AI research. first was its decision to withhold GPT2 and brag about it, and then its announcement that Sam Altman departed his influential perch at YC. OpenAI’s mission is to ensure beneficial AGI, I began. he said: ""the reason that we care so much about this problem is because we think it can help solve complex problems."
72,https://dig.watch/updates/the-hero-pro-a-game-changer-in-bionic-hand-technology,The Hero PRO: A game-changer in bionic hand technology,"22 May 2025 The Hero PRO: A game-changer in bionic hand technology The Hero PRO, developed by Open Bionics, is a new bionic hand designed to improve daily usability for prosthetic users. Made from lightweight 3D-printed Nylon PA12, it is the lightest bionic hand currently available and is both wireless and waterproof, with an IPX7 rating. The hand uses wireless MyoPods to detect muscle signals, allowing for intuitive control without wires. It offers faster finger movement and can lift up to 57 pounds, doubling the capacity of previous models. Features include a patented thumb for precision grips, touchscreen compatibility, and extensive wrist flexibility with 360-degree rotation and 45 degrees of manual flexion. Users can customize grip settings through an app, switch between attachments, and power the device for a full day on a four-hour USB-C charge. Input from about 1,000 users, including prosthetics advocate Tilly Lockey, helped refine the product. While prices vary, Open Bionics aims to keep costs lower than traditional high-end prosthetics, which typically range from $20,000 to $80,000. The Hero PRO highlights ongoing advancements in prosthetic technology, offering users greater independence and efficiency. Would you like to learn more about AI, tech and digital diplomacy? If so, ask our Diplo chatbot!",,,,"The Hero PRO is the lightest bionic hand currently available. It uses wireless MyoPods to detect muscle signals, allowing for intuitive control without wires","the Hero PRO is the lightest bionic hand currently available. it uses wireless MyoPods to detect muscle signals, allowing for intuitive control without wires. features include a patented thumb for precision grips, touchscreen compatibility, and extensive wrist flexibility.","from the article in bullet points: 22 May 2025 The Hero PRO: A game-changer in bionic hand technology. Open Bionics has developed a new hand designed to improve daily usability for prosthetic users. the hand uses wireless MyoPods to detect muscle signals, allowing for intuitive control without wires. It offers faster finger movement and can lift up to 57 pounds, double the capacity of previous models."
73,https://www.usatoday.com/story/special/contributor-content/2025/05/21/coinsub-technology-how-vantack-is-changing-the-landscape-of-payments/83771932007/,Coinsub Technology: How Vantack Is Changing the Landscape of Payments,"William Jones Contributor Traditional payment infrastructure remains a major bottleneck in today’s global economy, plagued by high fees, slow settlement times, chargebacks, and persistent fraud risk. These inefficiencies directly impact merchant margins, liquidity, and scalability. Despite a crowded landscape of payment platforms, few effectively integrate cryptocurrency in a way that addresses these core issues. Coinsub Technology fills this critical gap with an infrastructure-first approach tailored for the next generation of commerce. In 2024, cryptocurrency transfer volumes—driven by stablecoins, a type of digital currency pegged to traditional assets like the US dollar—reached an astonishing $27.6 trillion, surpassing the combined transaction volumes of Visa and Mastercard. Looking ahead, Standard Chartered forecasts the stablecoin market could grow to $2 trillion by 2028. These trends reflect the accelerating demand for efficient, blockchain-based payment solutions. According to a recent report from a16z, a premier venture capital firm renowned for investing in breakthrough technologies across AI, crypto, and fintech, international remittances via traditional payment methods can incur up to 10% in fees, with settlement requiring over three to seven days to clear. With Coinsub Technology, the same outcome can be achieved at a fraction of the cost and time. Coinsub Technology’s advanced infrastructure empowers businesses to seamlessly manage products, issue invoices, and receive payments instantly. Designed for global reach, its checkout system enables merchants to tap into new customer segments around the world with ease. For example, businesses that adopt Coinsub Technology can now serve customers in regions like rural Nigeria, where internet access is widespread but traditional banking services remain limited. Additionally, merchants and their customers can easily track transactions, enjoying full transparency in real-time. Globally, approximately 1.4 billion people remain unbanked, with no access to traditional financial services.The Coinsub Technology stablecoin-based payment solution empowers businesses to tap into this underserved market, unlocking a powerful opportunity to grow revenue by enabling secure, borderless transactions without relying on banking infrastructure, while also offering a viable pathway to financial inclusion for these populations. Led by Jasper Fu and his experienced team, Coinsub Technology was developed with deep expertise in financial technology and blockchain infrastructure. Vantack’s founder, Max Rosen, emphasizes the importance of educating merchants about the practical benefits of crypto for everyday transactions. “Our research indicates that businesses often see crypto primarily as an investment rather than a payment method. Coinsub Technology is changing that perception,” Rosen explained. How Coinsub Technology Does Things Differently A significant advantage of using Vantack’s Coinsub Technology lies in its robust support for recurring crypto payments and subscriptions, which is ideal for businesses offering streaming services, software subscriptions, and other repeat-billing models. This streamlined process simplifies revenue streams and eliminates costly chargebacks, providing merchants greater financial predictability and security. Additionally, sign-ups, payment management, and cancellations can all be handled in a single intuitive interface. Unlike traditional crypto payment providers that handle numerous volatile currencies, Coinsub Technology strategically specializes in stablecoins. A stablecoin is a type of cryptocurrency designed to maintain a stable value by being pegged to a reserve asset, typically a fiat currency like the US dollar. Unlike traditional cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, whose prices can be highly volatile, stablecoins aim to offer the price stability of fiat money while retaining the efficiency and programmability of crypto, making them the ideal choice to facilitate payments. Working Through a Challenging Crypto Market Coinsub Technology did not come to fruition without its challenges. In the early stages, expenses outpaced revenue, prompting the team to forgo paychecks, underscoring their deep commitment and conviction in the company’s global potential. That resilience ultimately paid off, leading to a successful pre-seed funding round and positioning the company for future growth. Embracing the Future of Global Commerce with Coinsub Technology Cryptocurrency adoption is accelerating worldwide, with over 560 million users as of 2024. Countries like India, Nigeria, Vietnam, Venezuela, and the USA are leading this trend, with crypto ownership rates of 29%, 27%, 25%, 18%, and 17%, respectively. This surge reflects a clear demand for secure, instant, and cost-effective payment solutions—an area where traditional systems continue to fall short. Coinsub Technology is strategically positioned to meet this demand. By addressing the inefficiencies of legacy payment rails, Coinsub Technology offers a platform purpose-built for the digital economy, enabling merchants to streamline operations, reduce costs, and better serve a global customer base. Backed by respected technology investors and industry experts, and supported through strategic partnerships, Coinsub Technology is entering a new phase of global expansion. This includes plans to integrate in-store crypto payments and deepen merchant education initiatives. Coinsub Technology isn’t just enhancing payment systems—it’s transforming how businesses engage with customers while streamlining operations. Businesses ready to explore how crypto payments can accelerate growth are invited to connect directly through the Vantack platform. To book a call with the team, visit the Vantack website. All investments carry risk, and past performance does not guarantee future results. This article is for informational purposes only and should not be considered financial, investment, legal, or cryptocurrency advice. Readers should consult with a qualified financial advisor, legal professional, or cryptocurrency expert before making any investment decisions.",,,,"In 2024, bitcoin transfer volumes—driven by stablecoins—reached an astonishing $27.6 trillion, surpassing the combined transaction volumes of Visa and Mastercard","despite a crowded landscape of payment platforms, few effectively integrate cryptocurrency in a way that addresses these core issues. in 2024, bitcoin transfer volumes—driven by stablecoins—reached an astonishing $27.6 trillion, surpassing the combined transaction volumes of Visa and Mastercard.","in the future of global commerce. Coinsub Technology is transforming how businesses engage with customers while streamlining operations. despite a crowded landscape of payment platforms, few effectively integrate crypto payments in an way that addresses these core issues. In 2024, cryptocurrency transfer volumes—driven by stablecoins—reached an astonishing $27.6 trillion, surpassing the combined transaction volumes of Visa and Mastercard."
74,https://www.ktvu.com/video/1645510,SFPD increase use of technology to quickly solve felony crimes,SFPD increase use of technology to quickly solve felony crimes Investigators with San Francisco Police Department's Real Time Investigation Center demonstrate to KTVU how they used technology including drones to quickly identify and arrest suspects in a large scale retail theft at a luxury designer store at Union Square.,,,,SFPD increase use of technology to quickly solve felony crimes,SFPD increase use of technology to quickly solve felony crimes. investigators demonstrate to KTVU how they used technology including drones to quickly identify and arrest suspects in a large scale retail theft.,SFPD increase use of technology to quickly solve felony crimes. KTVU demonstrate how they used technology including drones for quickly identifying and arrest suspects in a large scale retail theft at an luxury designer store at Union Square.
75,https://internationalsupermarketnews.com/archives/20166,Ólimpica Leads Latin America’s Retail Innovation with Toshiba’s AI-Powered Checkout Technology,"Ólimpica Leads Latin America’s Retail Innovation with Toshiba’s AI-Powered Checkout Technology In an era where seamless customer experiences and operational efficiency are paramount, Colombia’s Ólimpica S.A. has positioned itself at the forefront of retail innovation in Latin America. By adopting Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions’ Self-Checkout systems alongside the ELERA® Security Suite — the first deployment of its kind in the region — Ólimpica is redefining the in-store shopping experience through advanced AI-driven technology. This strategic move addresses several critical challenges facing modern supermarkets: reducing wait times, improving payment accuracy, and enhancing loss prevention. By integrating AI-powered image recognition and behavioural detection at checkout points, the ELERA® Security Suite minimizes scanning errors and identifies potential shrinkage before it occurs. For Ólimpica, this means fewer disruptions at checkout, enabling faster customer flow and freeing store staff to focus more on personalized service rather than manual interventions. Toshiba’s technology integrates smoothly with Ólimpica’s existing infrastructure, ensuring that the digital transformation complements rather than disrupts the retailer’s operations. The deployment spans multiple stores nationwide, reflecting a broader innovation strategy aimed at maintaining Ólimpica’s reputation for high-quality, customer-centric service while embracing the efficiencies that modern payment systems bring. Customers now benefit from flexible payment options, including cash, cards, and emerging electronic methods like QR codes, all supported by robust security measures. The success of this project owes much to a collaborative approach. Toshiba’s long-standing relationship with Ólimpica allowed for deep understanding of the retailer’s operational needs and goals. Furthermore, the involvement of Toshiba’s strategic partner, Redsis y Sistemas Integrados, brought crucial local market knowledge and technical expertise, ensuring seamless integration and ongoing support. With a dedicated local engineering and service team in Colombia, Toshiba guarantees continuous assistance, essential for retailers undergoing rapid digital shifts. Looking ahead, Ólimpica’s deployment serves as a model for other retailers across Latin America seeking to balance efficiency, innovation, and customer satisfaction. As consumer expectations evolve and the retail landscape becomes increasingly competitive, investments in AI-driven checkout and security technologies are becoming essential. Ólimpica’s journey illustrates how embracing cutting-edge solutions can safeguard against losses, optimize operations, and future-proof the business for continued growth. This partnership marks a significant milestone for Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions as well, highlighting its commitment to delivering scalable, tailored retail technologies that meet the specific needs of diverse markets. In a world where the in-store experience remains a critical differentiator, such innovations will continue to shape the future of retail across the globe.",,,,"This strategic move addresses several critical challenges facing modern supermarkets: reducing wait times, improving payment accuracy, and enhancing loss prevention","limpica has positioned itself at the forefront of retail innovation in Latin America. by adopting Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions’ Self-Checkout systems alongside the ELERA® Security Suite. this strategic move addresses several critical challenges facing modern supermarkets: reducing wait times, improving payment accuracy, and enhancing loss prevention.","limpica S.A. has positioned itself at the forefront of retail innovation in Latin America. by adopting Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions’ Self-Checkout systems alongside the ELERA® Security Suite – the first deployment of its kind in the region — the retailer is redefining the in-store shopping experience through advanced AI-driven technology. this strategic move addresses several critical challenges facing modern supermarkets: reducing wait times, improving payment accuracy, and enhancing loss prevention. the deployment spans multiple stores nationwide,"
76,https://www.technologyreview.com/2025/05/19/1116779/ai-can-do-a-better-job-of-persuading-people-than-we-do/,AI can do a better job of persuading people than we do,"Their findings are the latest in a growing body of research demonstrating LLMs’ powers of persuasion. The authors warn they show how AI tools can craft sophisticated, persuasive arguments if they have even minimal information about the humans they’re interacting with. The research has been published in the journal Nature Human Behavior. “Policymakers and online platforms should seriously consider the threat of coordinated AI-based disinformation campaigns, as we have clearly reached the technological level where it is possible to create a network of LLM-based automated accounts able to strategically nudge public opinion in one direction,” says Riccardo Gallotti, an interdisciplinary physicist at Fondazione Bruno Kessler in Italy, who worked on the project. “These bots could be used to disseminate disinformation, and this kind of diffused influence would be very hard to debunk in real time,” he says. The researchers recruited 900 people based in the US and got them to provide personal information like their gender, age, ethnicity, education level, employment status, and political affiliation. Participants were then matched with either another human opponent or GPT-4 and instructed to debate one of 30 randomly assigned topics—such as whether the US should ban fossil fuels, or whether students should have to wear school uniforms—for 10 minutes. Each participant was told to argue either in favor of or against the topic, and in some cases they were provided with personal information about their opponent, so they could better tailor their argument. At the end, participants said how much they agreed with the proposition and whether they thought they were arguing with a human or an AI.",,,,How AI can craft persuasive arguments if they have even minimal information about the humans they interact with,"authors warn they show how AI tools can craft persuasive arguments if they have even minimal information about the humans they’re interacting with. they recruited 900 people based in the us and got them to provide personal information like their gender, age, ethnicity, education level, employment status, and political affiliation. participants were then matched with either another human opponent or GPT-4 and instructed to debate one of 30 randomly assigned topics.","900 people based in the US and got them to provide personal information like their gender, age, ethnicity, education level, employment status, and political affiliation. participants were then matched with either another human opponent or GPT-4 and instructed to debate one of 30 randomly assigned topics for 10 minutes. the authors warn they show how AI tools can craft sophisticated, persuasive arguments if they have even minimal information about the humans they interact with."
77,https://www.scientific-computing.com/article/promex-ceo-richard-otte-honoured-ieee-electronics-manufacturing-technology-award,Promex CEO Richard Otte Honoured with IEEE Electronics Manufacturing Technology award,"The annual award that recognises individuals who have made impactful, sustained contributions to the field over 15 years or more to be presented at ECTC 2025 Register for FREE to unlock this article Register with Scientific Computing World and gain unparalleled access to premium content and invaluable resources designed to keep you informed and ahead of the curve. By joining our community, you’ll enjoy FREE access to: Breaking news & updates: Keep up with the latest developments, market trends, and technological breakthroughs. Keep up with the latest developments, market trends, and technological breakthroughs. Comprehensive articles & expert insights: Dive into detailed coverage of current trends, technologies, and innovations from leading experts in the field. Dive into detailed coverage of current trends, technologies, and innovations from leading experts in the field. Real-world case studies: Gain knowledge from real-world applications and success stories that highlight best practices and innovative solutions. Gain knowledge from real-world applications and success stories that highlight best practices and innovative solutions. Exclusive webinars & round tables: Be among the first to learn about and join upcoming webinars and round tables addressing key issues in scientific computing. Be among the first to learn about and join upcoming webinars and round tables addressing key issues in scientific computing. In-depth reports & technical articles: Access insightful reports and whitepapers offering actionable information to support informed decision-making. Access insightful reports and whitepapers offering actionable information to support informed decision-making. Professional networking: Connect with a vibrant community of professionals, exchange ideas, and collaborate on projects. Propel your career and projects forward with full articles and exclusive content. Sign up now to unlock Scientific Computing World’s premium access. Sign up now - it’s fast, easy, and FREE! Already registered? Log in here You can see our full privacy policy here.",,,,"ECTC 2025 - FREE access to: Breaking news & updates: Keep up with the latest developments, market trends, and technological breakthroughs","the annual award recognises individuals who have made impactful, sustained contributions to the field over 15 years or more to be presented at ECTC 2025. by joining our community, you’ll enjoy FREE access to: Breaking news & updates: Keep up with the latest developments, market trends, and technological breakthroughs. comprehensive articles & expert insights: Dive into detailed coverage of current trends, technologies, and innovations from leading experts in the field.",". Register now - it’s fast, easy, and FREE! Already registered? Log in here You can see our full privacy policy here. Sign up now to unlock Scientific Computing World's premium access."
78,https://www.gao.gov/products/gao-25-107335,Human Organ-On-A-Chip: Technologies Offer Benefits Over Animal Testing but Challenges Limit Wider Adoption,"What GAO Found Human organ-on-a-chip (OOC) is an emerging technology that incorporates human adult cells in a small laboratory device to mimic how organs work—such as the brain, heart, or lungs. OOCs may be designed to simulate the mechanics of human organs, such as a lung-on-a-chip that stretches to simulate breathing. Researchers are developing and using OOCs to model diseases and predict responses to chemicals. For example, companies are using OOCs to assess aspects of drug safety and efficacy. Because OOCs contain human cells, their use in research may have more relevance to humans than animal testing or other conventional lab methods, but certain OOC research may cost more and take longer. Currently, OOCs cannot replace animal testing but may be used alongside animals. The next generation of OOC is focused on developing “body-on-a-chip” systems that link together multiple OOCs—such as the intestine, liver, and kidney—to investigate how organs interact. Lung-on-a-chip (left) and how organ-on-a-chip compares to animals (right) GAO identified several challenges to the development and use of OOCs, including Obtaining human cells. Reliable human cells are a key requirement for using OOCs, but availability is limited. For example, experts told GAO that only 10 percent to 20 percent of human cells they purchase are high enough quality for OOC studies. Lack of benchmarks and validation studies. The lack of benchmarks and sufficient studies assessing OOC accuracy, reliability, and relevance hinders the ability of end users, such as drug companies, to understand how OOCs compare to conventional methods, including animals, and data from clinical trials. Limited data sharing. OOC developers and end users may be reluctant or lack capacity to share their OOC research findings. For example, companies may be concerned about intellectual property and loss of competitive advantages. Regulatory uncertainties. Regulators are still working to better understand OOCs. Meanwhile, experts told GAO that the OOC field faces regulatory uncertainties, including regulators’ lower level of familiarity with OOCs than other methods, and unclear guidance and messaging from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. GAO developed six policy options that could help mitigate challenges to OOC development and use, including the option to maintain the status quo. The options identify possible actions by policymakers, including legislative bodies, government entities, academia, industry, and other groups. See tables 1–6 in this report for additional policy options and details. Selected Policy Options to Help Mitigate Challenges to the Development and Use of Organ-on-a-Chip (OOC) Technologies Selected policy option Opportunities Considerations Support efforts to increase access to diverse, high-quality human cells (report p. 25) For example, federal entities, together with stakeholders from academia and industry, could support the establishment of high-quality cell banks and biospecimen repositories that incorporate population diversity. Could provide OOC developers and end users with a supply of diverse human cells for future OOC research. Current efforts to establish cell banks for related technologies may provide a model for these efforts. May require a high level of stakeholder coordination, additional resources, and scientific expertise. May require additional standardized cell protocols and reference materials. Encourage more research and development of benchmarks and validation studies (report p. 27) For example, relevant funding agencies could provide more funding to academics and companies for OOC research, specifically to validate OOCs for priority contexts of use. Could help to identify relevant benchmarks to validate OOCs for specific contexts of use. Could increase the number of published validation studies. Could increase scientific confidence in OOCs. Investments in OOCs may reduce available funding for other technologies. Defining priority contexts of use will require input from and coordination with end users, such as drug or chemical companies. Create or participate in mechanisms for data sharing (report p. 28) For example, OOC developers and drug companies could participate in precompetitive efforts to share OOC data freely, such as sharing data through an industry trade group, nonprofit, or other trusted third party. Could help end users and regulators assess the robustness of OOC. Could build confidence in and aid adoption of OOC. Could increase alignment and engagement among relevant stakeholders. Companies may need additional incentives to participate for fear of losing a competitive advantage. May require an assessment of which OOC methods would be most likely to benefit. Provide additional regulatory guidance (report p. 29) For example, regulators could provide detailed guidance on how specific OOCs could more readily replace a conventional laboratory method. Clarity from regulators on appropriate use cases within their regulatory purview could build confidence in the models and increase regulatory experience with these data. This approach may not be helpful for certain OOC use cases. Could require regulatory agencies to dedicate resources to these new efforts. Guidance that is too specific could constrain developers and end users. Source: GAO. | GAO-25-107335 Why GAO Did This Study Biomedical researchers face challenges investigating human biology, disease, and the body’s responses to external chemicals, including medicines. Conventional methods—such as animal testing and cells in a petri dish—often do not translate into similar results for humans because they cannot effectively replicate the complex systems of the human body. In the past decade, however, researchers in the pharmaceutical, chemical, and biodefense industries have begun developing and using OOCs to help improve our understanding of human disease and responses to drugs and other chemicals. This technology assessment examines (1) current and emerging OOC technologies and their potential benefits, (2) challenges to developing and using these technologies, and (3) options that policymakers could consider to help enhance the benefits or mitigate the challenges. To conduct this work, GAO reviewed scientific literature and federal agency documents; interviewed a range of experts from government, industry, academia, and nonprofit organizations; and convened a discussion group of 16 experts. Participants included federal agency officials, policy experts, and OOC developers and end users from industry and academia. GAO is identifying policy options in this report (see next page). For more information, contact Karen L. Howard, PhD, at HowardK@gao.gov.",,,,The next generation of OOC is focused on developing “body-on-a-chip” systems,"researchers are developing and using OOCs to model diseases and predict responses to chemicals. the next generation of OOC is focused on developing “body-on-a-chip” systems that link together multiple OOCs—such as the intestine, liver, and kidney. Currently, OOCs cannot replace animal testing but may be used alongside animals.","and how organ-on-a-chip compares to animals. GAO identified several challenges to the development and use of OOCs. Obtaining human cells is an emerging technology that incorporates human adult cells in a small laboratory device to mimic human organs, such as the brain, heart, and lungs. The lack of benchmarks and validation studies could hinder the ability of end users to understand the robustness of oOC."
79,https://www.azfamily.com/video/2025/05/21/airbnb-rolls-out-new-technology-stop-house-parties-arizona/,Airbnb rolls out new technology to stop house parties in Arizona,Airbnb is rolling out technology nationwide to help crack down on unauthorized and disruptive parties in homes during the summer holiday weekends.,,,,Airbnb is rolling out technology to help crack down on unauthorized and disruptive parties in homes during the summer holidays,Airbnb is rolling out technology nationwide to help crack down on unauthorized and disruptive parties in homes during the summer holiday weekends. Airbnb is rolling out technology to help crack down on unauthorized and disruptive parties in homes during the summer holidays.,Airbnb is rolling out technology nationwide to help crack down on non-unauthorized and disruptive parties in homes during the summer holiday weekends. Airbnb has launched a new technology for crackdown on home parties during summer holidays weekends.
80,https://www.timesdaily.com/new-songs-and-technology/article_762920f1-5984-45d4-b5b3-001179299d53.html,New songs and technology,"State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Puerto Rico US Virgin Islands Armed Forces Americas Armed Forces Pacific Armed Forces Europe Northern Mariana Islands Marshall Islands American Samoa Federated States of Micronesia Guam Palau Alberta, Canada British Columbia, Canada Manitoba, Canada New Brunswick, Canada Newfoundland, Canada Nova Scotia, Canada Northwest Territories, Canada Nunavut, Canada Ontario, Canada Prince Edward Island, Canada Quebec, Canada Saskatchewan, Canada Yukon Territory, Canada Zip Code",,,,State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Michigan Minnesota Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New York New Mexico New NY North Carolina Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C.,"state Alabama Alaska Arizona Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Puerto Rico US Virgin Islands Armed Forces Americas Armed Forces Pacific Armed Forces Europe Northern Mariana Islands Marshall Islands American Samoa Federated States of Micronesia Guam Palau Alberta, Canada British Columbia, Canada Manitoba, Canada New Brunswick, Canada","State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York New Brunswick, Canada Canada Nunavut, Canadien Extrait de l'extrait d'un article in bullet points:"
81,https://www.techtarget.com/searchdatacenter/news/366624166/Dell-Technologies-customers-building-real-world-AI-apps,Dell Technologies customers building real-world AI apps,"LAS VEGAS -- AI implementations beyond mere chatbot interactions with large language models have permeated the data centers of Dell Technologies World attendees this year. These implementations have moved into production, as these organizations attempt to sustain real-world uses beyond customer support or querying a knowledge base. Enterprises that have yet to fully embrace AI technology or processes are going to be left behind in the market, said Jeff Clarke, Dell Technologies vice chairman and chief operating officer, during the Day 2 keynote Wednesday. ""This is the most disruptive technology I've seen in my career,"" he said. ""The threat [to your organization] is existential if you don't respond."" At the keynote, the vendor pitched its Dell AI Factory offering and recent storage hardware refreshes as data center upgrades that will empower AI development for hybrid-cloud uses. Dell executives at the keynote also confirmed the new parallel file system, codenamed Project Lighting for the past year, would launch to general availability before year's end. Project Lighting is a software-defined file system built for Dell PowerEdge server hardware, specifically tested on the R660 model. Currently in limited testing, it's similar in concept to offerings from competitors such as DataDirect Networks, Weka and Lustre. Companies will upgrade for AI workloads, CEO Michael Dell said during a media and analyst Q&A following the keynote. However, upgrading to this new hardware might not happen quickly for many customers who are dealing with uncertain economic factors, particularly North America and its ongoing tariff dispute, he said. Dell asserted that the cost of compute to create the tokens that power the underlying large language model (LLM) technology is more prohibitive. ""The importance of this technology is greater than all those problems,"" Dell said. ""Tokens are bigger than tariffs, that would summarize our view of it."" Even when backed by high-end hardware or software, AI initiatives shouldn't be implemented haphazardly, Clarke said, echoing the sentiments of organizations already using AI in production. Instead, customers should start small, find what works and scale quickly to business needs to avoid wasting time, hardware and resources, he said. ""If you apply AI to a shitty process, you just get a shitty answer faster,"" Clarke said. AI implementations Dauntless XR, a Texas-based company specializing in augmented and virtual reality software, is using AI for object recognition and creating digital twins of atmospheres. Lori-Lee Elliott Lori-Lee Elliott Lori-Lee Elliott, co-founder and CEO of Dauntless XR, said these implementations are also complemented by a more traditional use with content generation using company data. For her, AI use needs to move beyond the chat room visualization and into uses that directly support an organization's business and workers seamlessly. ""When a lot of people think of AI, they think of LLMs,"" Elliott said. ""The end state of [our AI initiatives] -- and we're not quite there yet -- [is Dauntless XR having] a single platform where all of this data lives eventually."" Recent AI marketing hype around Generative AI has buried the decades of prior research and real-world uses of AI, said Chris Sullivan, director of research and academic computing at the Oregon State University College of Earth, Ocean, and Atmospheric Sciences. His department's research into AI involves demanding high-performance computing (HPC) uses, such as mapping ocean wildlife changes over centuries, photographic research and monitoring of microscopic krill and geographic information systems. The underlying mathematics and science behind today's AI have existed for decades, but recent advances in connectivity and memory have made the implementation far more feasible and usable to the public. Chris Sullivan Chris Sullivan ""The number of times I've heard someone say AI and have no clue about what they're doing is stunning,"" Sullivan said. ""People don't understand the term AI and misuse it so badly that it's become an umbrella that's flipped upside down and catches everything."" The actual bottleneck most organizations will encounter in their AI ambitions comes down to data, he said. Many organizations treat data as a black box and expect off-the-shelf LLMs to help make sense of the digital detritus that has built up over the years. Many organizations might not even realize their data is ultimately lacking for AI uses, Sullivan said. ""What we really need to do is start the AI down the pathway of data management and put agents in that place to help us understand what's there,"" he said. ""We need [AI data] to be presented in a way that people can leverage it.""",,,,": Dell’s new file system, codenamed Project Lighting, will launch to general availability before year's end","Dell's new file system, codenamed Project Lighting, will launch to general availability before year's end. many organizations think of AI as a black box and expect off-the-shelf LLMs to help make sense of the digital detritus that has built up over the years. many organizations don't understand the term and misuse it so badly that it's become an umbrella that's flipped upside down.",",,, and scale quickly to business needs, Dell says. Dauntless XR, a Texas-based company specializing in augmented and virtual reality software, is using AI for object recognition and creating digital twins of atmospheres. Sullivan: ""people don't understand the term AI and misuse it so badly that it's become an umbrella that catches everything"""
82,https://www.stocktitan.net/news/STSS/sharps-technology-to-present-at-the-aegis-capital-corp-2025-virtual-ecjjpz3uo0c0.html,Medical Device Innovator Sharps Technology to Unveil Latest Smart-Safety Syringe Developments at Aegis Conference,"Sharps Technology to Present at the Aegis Capital Corp. 2025 Virtual Conference on May 22nd 05/21/2025 - 03:00 PM Presentation to be webcast at 1:00 p.m. ET NEW YORK, May 21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sharps Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: “STSS” and “STSSW”) (“Sharps”), an innovative medical device and pharmaceutical packaging company offering patented, best-in-class smart-safety syringe products to the healthcare industry, today announced that Robert Hayes, CEO, is scheduled to present at the Aegis Capital Corp. 2025 Virtual Conference on May 22, 2025 at 1:00 p.m. ET. Presentation Details: Presenter: Robert Hayes, CEO Robert Hayes, CEO Date: May 22, 2025 May 22, 2025 Time: 1:00 p.m. ET 1:00 p.m. ET Webcast: Register Here About Sharps Technology: Sharps Technology is an innovative medical device and pharmaceutical packaging company offering patented, best-in-class smart-safety syringe products to the healthcare industry. The Company’s product lines focus on providing ultra-low waste capabilities, that incorporate syringe technologies that use both passive and active safety features. Sharps also offers products that are designed with specialized copolymer technology to support the prefillable syringe market segment. The Company has a manufacturing facility in Hungary. For additional information, please visit www.sharpstechnology.com. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: This press release contains “forward-looking statements”. Forward-looking statements reflect our current view about future events. When used in this press release, the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “poised” or the negative of these terms and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such statements, include, but are not limited to, statements contained in this press release relating to our business strategy, our future operating results and liquidity, and capital resources outlook. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees of assurance of future performance. We caution you therefore against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, our ability to raise capital to fund continuing operations; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; the impact of any infringement actions or other litigation brought against us; competition from other providers and products; our ability to develop and commercialize products and services; changes in government regulation; our ability to complete capital raising transactions; and other factors relating to our industry, our operations and results of operations. Actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this release. Investor Contact: Holdsworth Partners Adam Holdsworth Phone: 917-497-9287 Email: IR@sharpstechnology.com",,,,"Sharps Technology, Inc. is an innovative medical device and pharmaceutical packaging company offering smart-safety syringe products to the healthcare industry","Sharps Technology, Inc. is an innovative medical device and pharmaceutical packaging company offering patented, best-in-class smart-safety syringe products to the healthcare industry. the company’s product lines focus on providing ultra-low waste capabilities, that incorporate syringe technologies that use both passive and active safety features. Sharps also offers products that are designed with specialized copolymer technology to support the prefillable syringe market segment.",": Robert Hayes, CEO, is scheduled to present at the Aegis Capital Corp. 2025 Virtual Conference on May 22nd 05/21/2025 - 03:00 PM Presentation to be webcast at 1:00 p.m. ET. Forward-looking statements reflect our current view about future events. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-look statements : our business strategy, our future operating results and liquidity, and capital resources outlook. Investor Contact: Hold"
83,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tampa-general-hospital-enhances-heart-care-with-cutting-edge-imaging-technology-302462355.html,Tampa General Hospital Enhances Heart Care with Cutting-Edge Imaging Technology,"This new 512-slice CT scanner excels in advanced imaging, prioritizing speed, resolution and patient comfort. TAMPA, Fla., May 21, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Tampa General Hospital (TGH) is raising the bar for heart care with the addition of two GE Healthcare Revolution APEX 512-Slice computed tomography (CT) scanners. The advanced scanners leverage artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning technologies to deliver faster, clearer and more precise scans, refining diagnoses and treatments of cardiovascular diseases. Tampa General Hospital (TGH) is raising the bar for heart care with the addition of two GE Healthcare Revolution APEX 512-Slice computed tomography (CT) scanners. The advanced scanners leverage artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning technologies to deliver faster, clearer and more precise scans, refining diagnoses and treatments of cardiovascular diseases. The purchase of the scanners was made possible thanks to a generous gift by the Ferman family to the TGH Foundation. One is located at the TGH Ferman Family Imaging Center in Tampa General Hospital Diagnostic Imaging on the Davis Islands campus; the other is being used for inpatient examinations within the hospital itself. ""This technology is a game-changer for cardiac imaging at Tampa General,"" remarked Dr. Shone Almeida, director of the Cardiac CT program at Tampa General and a faculty member of the USF Health Morsani College of Medicine. ""With sharper images and faster scan times, we can diagnose heart disease with greater confidence, allowing cardiologists to make better treatment decisions and improve patient outcomes."" The 512-slice CT scanner is a cornerstone of the TGH Cardiometabolic Disease Prevention Program, providing highly detailed images of the heart and coronary arteries. The program focuses on early detection, risk assessment and personalized interventions to prevent the progression of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases such as diabetes and obesity-related heart conditions. ""The integration of this technology into our cardiometabolic program enables us to identify early signs of heart disease before symptoms arise, offering patients a chance to take preventive action,"" said Almeida who is also the medical director for the cardiometabolic program at Tampa General. This latest upgrade in cardiac imaging represents a collaborative effort between the TGH Heart & Vascular Institute and the academic health system's radiologists. The scanners feature the latest technological advancements, from deep learning-based image reconstruction to ultra-high-resolution imaging. ""This investment supports our mission to bring world-class diagnostic technology to our patients,"" said Sherri Lewman, senior vice president of Enterprise Imaging at TGH. ""By integrating AI-driven imaging, we're improving accuracy while enhancing patient safety and comfort."" Designed to enhance cardiac imaging precision, the CT scanners offer exceptional speed, clarity and diagnostic precision. It allows physicians to assess coronary artery disease, structural heart conditions and other cardiovascular abnormalities in unparalleled detail. ""This is a significant breakthrough; access to this top level of imaging enables our team of cardiologists to identify even the most complex conditions accurately,"" said Dr. Aarti Patel, co-director of the TGH Heart & Vascular Institute's Cardiovascular Imaging program, Cardiology and an associate professor in the Division of Cardiology, USF Health Morsani College of Medicine. ""This information is crucial for developing personalized treatment plans that cater to each patient's unique needs, ultimately leading to improved long-term outcomes."" ""The 512-slice CT scanners significantly improve diagnostic accuracy and efficiency by providing high-definition images that facilitate precise interpretation,"" said Dr. Hristina Natcheva, co-director of the TGH Heart & Vascular Institute's Cardiovascular Imaging program, Cardiothoracic and an assistant professor, Department of Radiology, USF Health Morsani College of Medicine. ""We can conduct highly detailed diagnostic exams, enabling more refined and comprehensive interpretations, strengthening our ability to detect and diagnose cardiovascular diseases."" The Revolution APEX CT scanner leverages advanced AI to enhance image quality and enable rapid scanning with motion correction — providing exceptional precision for complex cardiac and routine cases. Its ultra-high resolution is ideal for detailed visualization of cerebral blood vessels and musculoskeletal structures. By capturing larger areas of the body in a single rotation, the system helps to reduce the need for multiple scans and improves diagnostic accuracy with sharper, more precise, images. Additionally, faster scan times and dose-reduction technologies enhance patient safety and comfort, contributing to a more positive overall patient experience. The installation of this leading-edge imaging unit is part of Tampa General's broader commitment to innovation, advanced diagnostics and excellence in patient care. Tampa General's Ferman Family Imaging Center is a hospital-based diagnostic imaging center located at 2 Tampa General Circle in Tampa. For more information, call (813) 844-8288. The Cardiometabolic Disease Prevention Program can be reached at (813) 844-3900 or [email protected]. ABOUT TAMPA GENERAL HOSPITAL Tampa General Hospital, a 981-bed, not-for-profit, academic health system, is one of the largest hospitals in America and delivers world-class care as the region's only center for Level l trauma and comprehensive burn care. Tampa General Hospital is the highest-ranked hospital in the market in U.S. News & World Report's 2024-2025 Best Hospitals, with two medical specialties ranking among the top 20 in the nation and eight medical specialties ranking among the top 50 best hospital programs in the United States. Tampa General Hospital has been designated as a model of excellence by the 2022 Fortune/Merative 100 Top Hospitals list. The academic health system's commitment to growing and developing its team members is recognized by three prestigious Forbes magazine rankings – in the top 100 nationally in the 2024 America's Best Large Employers, the top 50 in Florida in the 2024 America's Best Employers by State and the 2023 America's Best Employers for Women. Tampa General is the safety net hospital for the region, caring for everyone regardless of their ability to pay, and in fiscal year 2023, provided a net community benefit of approximately $301.8 million in the form of health care for underinsured patients, community education, and financial support to community health organizations in Tampa Bay. It was the nation's busiest adult solid organ transplant center in 2024 and is the primary teaching hospital for the USF Health Morsani College of Medicine. With five medical helicopters, Tampa General Hospital transports critically injured or ill patients from 23 surrounding counties to receive the advanced care they need. Tampa General houses a nationally accredited comprehensive stroke center, and its 32-bed Neuroscience, Intensive Care Unit is the largest on the West Coast of Florida. It also is home to the Muma Children's Hospital at TGH, the Jennifer Leigh Muma 82-bed neonatal intensive care unit, and a nationally accredited rehabilitation center. Tampa General Hospital's footprint includes TGH North, which is comprised of three hospitals and several outpatient locations in Citrus and Hernando counties, 17 Tampa General Medical Group Primary Care offices, TGH Family Care Center Kennedy, two TGH Outpatient Centers, TGH Virtual Health, and 19 TGH Imaging outpatient radiology centers throughout Hillsborough, Pasco, Pinellas and Palm Beach counties. Tampa Bay area residents also receive world-class care from the TGH Urgent Care powered by the Fast Track network of clinics. To see a medical care professional live anytime, anywhere on a smartphone, tablet or computer, visit Virtual Health | Tampa General Hospital (tgh.org). As one of the largest hospitals in the country, Tampa General Hospital is the first in Florida to open a clinical command center that provides real-time situational awareness to improve and better coordinate patient care at a lower cost. For more information, go to www.tgh.org. Media Contact: Beth Hardy, APR Assistant Manager Publications & Physician Communications (727) 510-6363 (cell) [email protected] SOURCE Tampa General Hospital",,,,"The 512-slice CT scanner excels in advanced imaging, prioritizing speed, resolution and patient comfort","the 512-slice CT scanner excels in advanced imaging, prioritizing speed, resolution and patient comfort. the scanners leverage artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning technologies to deliver faster, clearer and more precise scans, refining diagnoses and treatments of cardiovascular diseases. the scanners are a cornerstone of the TGH Cardiometabolic Disease Prevention Program.","the 512-slice CT scanner excels in advanced imaging, prioritizing speed, resolution and patient comfort. Designed to enhance cardiac imaging precision, the scanners leverage artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning technologies to deliver faster, clearer and more precise scans, refining diagnoses and treatments of cardiovascular diseases. the technology is a collaborative effort between the TGH Heart & Vascular Institute and the academic health system."
84,https://www.thecooldown.com/green-tech/laser-printed-batteries-sulfur-chemistry/,Scientists make intriguing breakthrough in battery technology using laser pulses: 'A critical research subject',"""A way to combine these processes into a single step at nanosecond speeds."" Lasers are used to perform precise surgeries and have been the weapon of choice for fictional supervillains. Now, experts from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology are using the beams to build advanced batteries, according to a news release. The laser-printing technique has shown potential to accelerate the production of lithium-sulfur packs, a lithium-ion alternative being worked on in labs around the world. Advantages include more energy storage per pound. Sulfur is also nontoxic and is acquired at a lower cost compared to metals used in common batteries. But a shorter lifespan, poor conductivity, and degrading volume expansion have been hurdles, all according to Chinese battery maker UFine. The company isn't involved with the Hong Kong project. University experts have already advanced their laser technique with a simplified approach to make sulfur-based cathodes for pouch and coin cell packs. Ions move between the anode and cathode inside cells during charge/discharge cycles. Current cathode production includes a complex process with varied temperatures. It can be costly and time-consuming, sometimes lasting several days. Laser pulses used as part of a single-step method are showing promise as a much shorter replacement, all per the release. The process involves sulfur, a porous carbon layer, and halloysite-based hybrid nanotubes, serving as the active material, the conducting material, and the host, respectively. The parts are laser printed on a ""fabric acceptor,"" which has ""demonstrated outstanding performance in … lithium-sulfur cells,"" the report added. ""Our … technology offers a way to combine these processes into a single step at nanosecond speeds,"" assistant professor Mitch LI Guijun, who developed the technique, said. FROM OUR PARTNER Can't afford solar panels? Here's how to get them without paying for purchase or installation Palmetto's revolutionary LightReach program gives you all the benefits of solar power without the upfront costs. LightReach lets you lease solar panels with no money down, making it easier than ever to lock in energy savings. Palmetto assumes all risk and responsibility for the panels you lease, which means you'll get reliable performance without unforeseen costs. To get started, just answer a few basic questions about your home and learn how much you can save. Learn more A video clip shared by Hong Kong shows a robotic arm moving the rectangular-shaped fabric, which then gets peppered with laser pulses. A pouch cell can be made in 20 minutes and can power a small screen, according to the release. Project first author Yang Rongliang summed up the ""thermal phenomenon"" caught on camera: ""The irradiated materials undergo a complex transient heating and cooling process, with … temperatures reaching up to thousands of degrees Kelvin. The precursor materials decompose, and the decomposed particles recombine to form new materials."" Lasers are involved in fascinating tech outside of batteries, as well. Seattle's Carbon Robotics has created a farm machine called LaserWeeder that selectively torches 100,000 weeds an hour with help from artificial intelligence. At the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, experts are using lasers to turn planet-warming carbon dioxide into cleaner synthetic fuels. It's all part of the way we can use technology to aid the shift to a planet-friendly future. Reduced air pollution will help almost everyone, as the World Health Organization reported that 99% of the population breathes poor air that increases risks for respiratory and other health problems. An easy way to help, part of an overall strategy to save money and cut air pollution at home, is to simply unplug the chargers and devices you aren't using. The energy vampires suck up loads of power, and you can bank $165 annually by pulling the plug. In Hong Kong, the team is confident that its research is based in a critical sector needed to power the future. The sulfur chemistry is also being eyed by vehicle-making juggernaut Stellantis to improve electric vehicle performance, as an example of another effort that could soon make a real-world difference, Reuters reported. ""The growing energy demands of modern society have made rechargeable batteries a critical research subject,"" the university's experts said in an abstract published by Nature. Join our free newsletter for weekly updates on the latest innovations improving our lives and shaping our future, and don't miss this cool list of easy ways to help yourself while helping the planet.",,,,The laser-printing technique has shown potential to accelerate the production of lithium-sulfur packs,"lasers are used to perform precise surgeries and have been the weapon of choice for fictional supervillains. the laser-printing technique has shown potential to accelerate the production of lithium-sulfur packs. a shorter lifespan, poor conductivity, and degrading volume expansion have been hurdles.","lasers are used to perform precise surgeries and have been the weapon of choice for fictional supervillains. experts from the university of science and technology are using the beams to build advanced batteries, according to a news release. the laser-printing technique has shown potential to accelerate the production of lithium-sulfur packs, an alternative being used in labs around the world."
85,https://motorillustrated.com/2026-honda-hr-v-launches-with-styling-and-technology-upgrades/154762/,2026 Honda HR-V Launches with Styling and Technology Upgrades,"2026 HR-V now includes a 9-inch touchscreen and wireless phone charging as standard features. New exterior styling includes updated wheels, paint colours, and tailgate badging by trim level. Honda Sensing and next-generation airbags are now standard across all trims for enhanced safety coverage. Honda has released the updated 2026 HR-V, featuring new styling and upgraded technology designed to maintain its popularity among younger and first-time vehicle buyers. The refreshed model is now available at Honda dealerships nationwide. Information on the Canadian model is not yet available; however, changes are expected to be very similar. The 2026 HR-V introduces a series of exterior enhancements, including redesigned wheels across all trims. The base LX trim features new Pewter Gray 17-inch alloy wheels, while the Sport trim receives Berlina Black 18-inch wheels. The top-tier EX-L trim now rides on larger machine-finished 18-inch alloy wheels, up from the previous 17-inch size. Two new paint options—Solar Reflection Metallic and Boost Blue Pearl—are also available. Interior updates include a larger 9-inch touchscreen as standard, replacing the previous 7-inch unit. The new infotainment system supports wireless Apple CarPlay and Android Auto and includes a wireless phone charger as standard. In the EX-L trim, interior lighting enhancements include silver steering wheel spokes, dynamic climate control knob lighting, and new footwell illumination. Rear privacy glass is now standard on all models. The HR-V retains its core equipment, such as a 2.0-litre engine, 7-inch digital instrumentation, and available Real Time All-Wheel Drive with Intelligent Control. Other standard features include fully independent rear suspension, Hill Descent Control, and three drive modes—Normal, Eco, and Snow. All models come equipped with the Honda Sensing suite of safety and driver-assistive technologies. Standard passive safety features include next-generation front airbags, knee airbags for front occupants, and side-impact airbags for rear passengers. The 2025 Honda HR-V LX was priced at $25,400, while the same model sees its price climb to $26,200 in the US. Canadian MSRP for a 2025 HR-V LX stands at $29,960. Expect it to climb by about $1,000 for the 2026 model year.",,,,"New exterior styling includes updated wheels, paint colours, and tailgate badging by trim level","new exterior styling includes updated wheels, paint colours, and tailgate badging by trim level. the 2026 HR-V is now available at dealerships nationwide. information on the Canadian model is not yet available; however, changes are expected to be very similar.",", including a 9-inch touchscreen and wireless phone charging as standard features. new exterior styling includes updated wheels, paint colours, and tailgate badging by trim level. Honda Sensing and next-generation airbags are now standard across all trims for enhanced safety coverage."
86,https://www.offshore-energy.biz/technip-energies-and-graphitic-energy-join-forces-to-scale-clean-hydrogen-technology/,Technip Energies and Graphitic Energy join forces to scale clean hydrogen technology,,,,,Give a suitable Provocative and attention-grabbing headline for the article (only one),a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a.,Extraextraget minimum 4 key key takeaways from the article in bullet points: extract minimum 5 key points et extrait minimum 3 key axes tirés de l article:
87,https://www.securityinfowatch.com/integrators/press-release/55292021/unlimited-technology-unlimited-technology-appoints-sarah-booth-as-cmo,Unlimited Technology Appoints Sarah Booth as CMO,"Unlimited Technology, a national leader in integrated security systems and mission-critical infrastructure solutions, announced the appointment of Sarah Booth as chief marketing officer (CMO). Booth’s arrival builds on a deliberate series of leadership investments that have shaped a cohesive executive team and positioned the company for scalable growth and long-term customer success across federal and commercial markets, the announcement states. Booth brings more than 20 years of experience in marketing, strategy and executive leadership across the security and technology sectors, with prior roles at G4S, ADT/Tyco Integrated Security and multiple high-growth SaaS companies. In her new role, she will lead all marketing and communications functions and play a central role in shaping corporate strategy, driving demand and aligning go-to-market execution with the company’s long-term priorities. “Sarah’s energy, experience and customer focus are exactly what we need as we grow,” said John A. Petruzzi Jr., CEO of Unlimited Technology. “As we continue building a unified platform and culture, she’ll help ensure our brand reflects the excellence of our people and the trust our customers place in us.” Booth joins a leadership team shaped under Petruzzi, who became CEO in June 2023. Shortly after stepping into the role, he named Dan Grafton as COO and, in early 2024, appointed Chris Bennett as CFO — key additions that have helped refine the company’s operating model and accelerate performance. Under Petruzzi’s leadership, Unlimited Technology has unified its executive bench and strengthened operational alignment across both sides of the business. Key members of the leadership team include: Bennett , CFO – guiding sustainable performance through finance and M&A , CFO – guiding sustainable performance through finance and M&A Grafton , COO – overseeing operations, service delivery and integration , COO – overseeing operations, service delivery and integration John Palumbo , president, UT Commercial – leading enterprise growth and infrastructure strategy , president, UT Commercial – leading enterprise growth and infrastructure strategy Michael Margolis , president, UT Government – driving mission-critical federal innovation , president, UT Government – driving mission-critical federal innovation Alexander W. Oppenhimer , chief compliance officer – leading legal, ESG and regulatory functions , chief compliance officer – leading legal, ESG and regulatory functions Heath Mabe, SVP of business development – spearheading growth in federal and critical infrastructure markets Together, this leadership team brings decades of security industry experience spanning Fortune 500 companies, federal agencies and high-growth environments. Earlier this year, the company announced that its longtime federal contractor affiliate, Integrated Security Technologies is now doing business as UT Government. The rebrand is part of a broader initiative to streamline operations, clarify regulatory alignment and sharpen focus on services within the government, critical infrastructure and enterprise business sectors. Booth’s appointment follows a series of strategic milestones, including the opening of a new branch in Raleigh, North Carolina, and expanded investment in talent identification, employee retention, recognition and development. “With a strong pipeline and a unified team, we’re on track for another year of customer-driven growth,” said Petruzzi. “That kind of progress doesn’t happen by chance — it happens because of our people. When you invest in the right talent and culture, everything else follows. We’re proud of what we’ve built — and even more excited about what’s ahead.”",,,,Sarah Booth will serve as chief marketing officer for unlimited Technology,"unlimited Technology announced the appointment of Sarah Booth as chief marketing officer. she will lead all marketing and communications functions and play a central role in shaping corporate strategy, driving demand and aligning go-to-market execution with the company’s long-term priorities.","Integrated Security Technologies is now doing business as UT Government. Unlimited Technology, a national leader in integrated security systems and mission-critical infrastructure solutions, announced the appointment of Sarah Booth as chief marketing officer (CMO) Booth brings more than 20 years of experience in marketing, strategy and executive leadership across the security and technology sectors, with prior roles at G4S, ADT/Tyco integr Security and multiple high-growth SaaS companies. Earlier this year, the company announced that its long-time federal contractor affiliate,"
88,https://www.citybiz.co/article/697535/comport-appoints-michael-volpi-as-vice-president-of-healthcare-technology/,Comport Appoints Michael Volpi as Vice President of Healthcare Technology,"Comport Consulting Corp., a trusted partner in delivering innovative technology solutions for the healthcare industry, is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr. Michael Volpi as Vice President of Healthcare Technology. In his new role, Mr. Volpi provides strategic IT guidance to healthcare clients as they plan and execute complex technology initiatives aimed at improving patient care, operational efficiency, and system resilience. Michael Volpi brings a wealth of experience from his 29-year healthcare IT career. His background includes infrastructure and business aspects of EMR’s at Shared Medical Systems (acquired by Siemens Healthcare Services and Cerner Corp.); IT supporting Hospital Operations for a single entity community hospital; and Enterprise IT as Vice President of Technology Services at New Jersey’s largest multi-hospital health system. There he managed a large team of IT professionals and oversaw 25–50 major system-wide technology modernization projects each year, including: Merger and acquisition integrations with significant expansion of ambulatory sites New 8,000 sq. ft. data center & a new Cancer Center supporting both researchers and clinicians Migration and implementation of Epic EMR with a Virtual Desktop TDR A resilient WAN & wireless infrastructure upgrades Organization-wide rollout of Microsoft Office 365 Preparedness for outages and crises At Comport, Michael is committed to using his experience to help other healthcare professionals secure, simplify, and optimize their IT operations. He is adept at translating technology into improved patient care, shorter revenue cycles, error reductions, and stretching IT dollars. He will help with IT strategy, board-level communication as well as desktop and network infrastructure, data center operations, telecommunications, storage and compute solutions, resiliency, and service collaboration and management. “We are thrilled to welcome Michael to the team,” said Mike Vencel, President at Comport. “Michael’s deep knowledge and transformational leadership are tremendous assets for our healthcare clients facing complex challenges. Michael will build upon Comport’s decades of history working with hospitals and further deepen the impact that we provide.” Mr. Volpi is a no-charge resource for healthcare organizations looking to elevate their technology strategies and performance. To schedule a meeting please contact Michael Volpi at www.comport.com/contact. About Comport Founded in 1982, Comport’s mission is to help our clients maximize their competitiveness through digital innovation. We drive successful results by investing in the best people including a high ratio of engineering staff, thought leadership, and a portfolio of the most highly regarded technology and solution partnerships. Comport supports multiple verticals including Healthcare, Financial Services and Manufacturing for data center initiatives. ComportSecure is our Cloud, Managed & Professional Services division and includes Subject Matter Experts for Security and MS initiatives. Years of best practices and a highly vested ‘go the extra-mile’ culture foster long-term and new relationships. We believe in listening, integrity, ownership, and excellence.",,,,: Michael Volpi is a trusted partner in delivering innovative technology solutions for the healthcare industry,"Michael Volpi is a trusted partner in delivering innovative technology solutions for the healthcare industry. he provides strategic IT guidance to healthcare clients as they plan and execute complex technology initiatives aimed at improving patient care, operational efficiency, and system resilience. he oversaw 25–50 major system-wide technology modernization projects each year.",". Michael Volpi is a no-charge resource for healthcare organizations looking to elevate their technology strategies and performance. he will provide strategic IT guidance to healthcare clients as they plan and execute complex technology initiatives aimed at improving patient care, operational efficiency, and system resilience. ""We are thrilled to welcome Michael to the team,"" said Mike Vencel, president at Comport Consulting Corp."
89,https://blog.google/technology/ai/io-2025-keynote/,Google I/O 2025: From research to reality,"Project Mariner → Agent Mode We think of agents as systems that combine the intelligence of advanced AI models with access to tools, so they can take actions on your behalf and under your control. Our early research prototype, Project Mariner, is an early step forward in agents with computer-use capabilities to interact with the web and get stuff done for you. We released it as an early research prototype in December, and we’ve made a lot of progress since with new multitasking capabilities — and a method called “teach and repeat,” where you can show it a task once and it learns plans for similar tasks in the future. We're bringing Project Mariner’s computer use capabilities to developers via the Gemini API. Trusted testers like Automation Anywhere and UiPath are already starting to build with it, and it will be available more broadly this summer. Computer use is part of a broader set of tools we’ll need to build for an agent ecosystem to flourish. Like our open Agent2Agent Protocol, so that agents can talk to each other, or the Model Context Protocol introduced by Anthropic, so agents can access other services. And today, we're excited to announce that our Gemini API and SDK are now compatible with MCP tools. We’re also starting to bring agentic capabilities to Chrome, Search and in the Gemini app. For example, a new Agent Mode in the Gemini app will help you get even more done. If you’re apartment hunting, it will help find listings that match your criteria on websites like Zillow, adjust filters and use MCP to access the listings and even schedule a tour for you. An experimental version of Agent Mode in the Gemini app will be coming soon to subscribers. And it’s great for companies like Zillow, bringing in new customers and improving conversion rates. This is a new and emerging area, and we’re excited to explore how best to bring the benefits of agents to users and the ecosystem more broadly.",,,,"Our early research prototype, Project Mariner, is an early step forward in agents with computer-use capabilities to interact with the web and get stuff done for you","our early research prototype, Project Mariner, is an early step forward in agents with computer-use capabilities to interact with the web and get stuff done for you. we're bringing project Mariner’s computer use capabilities to developers via the Gemini API.",", and we’re excited to announce that our Gemini API and SDK are now compatible with MCP tools. Project Mariner is an early step forward in agents with computer-use capabilities to interact with the web and get stuff done for you. we're also starting to bring computer use capability to Chrome, Search and in the Gemin app. a new Agent Mode in our app will help you get even more done."
90,https://www.technologyreview.com/2025/05/21/1117251/by-putting-ai-into-everything-google-wants-to-make-it-invisible/,"By putting AI into everything, Google wants to make it invisible","Yes, Google’s roster of consumer-facing products is the slickest on offer. The firm is bundling most of its multimodal models into its Gemini app, including the new Imagen 4 image generator and the new Veo 3 video generator. That means you can now access Google’s full range of generative models via a single chatbot. It also announced Gemini Live, a feature that lets you share your phone’s screen or your camera’s view with the chatbot and ask it about what it can see. Those features were previously only seen in demos of Project Astra, a “universal AI assistant“ that Google DeepMind is working on. Now, Google is inching toward putting Project Astra into the hands of anyone with a smartphone. Google is also rolling out AI Mode, an LLM-powered front end to search. This can now pull in personal information from Gmail or Google Docs to tailor searches to users. It will include Deep Search, which can break a query down into hundreds of individual searches and then summarize the results; a version of Project Mariner, Google DeepMind’s browser-using agent; and Search Live, which lets you hold up your camera and ask it what it sees. This is the new frontier. It’s no longer about who has the most powerful models, but who can spin them into the best products. OpenAI’s ChatGPT includes many similar features to Gemini’s. But with its existing ecosystem of consumer services and billions of existing users, Google has a clear advantage. Power users wanting access to the latest versions of everything on display can now sign up for Google AI Ultra for $250 a month. When OpenAI released ChatGPT in late 2022, Google was caught on the back foot and was forced to jump into higher gear to catch up. With this year’s product lineup, it looks as if Google has stuck its landing. On a preview call, CEO Sundar Pichai claimed that AI Overviews, a precursor to AI Mode that provides LLM-generated summaries of search results, had turned out to be popular with hundreds of millions of users. He speculated that many of them may not even know (or care) that they were using AI—it was just a cool new way to search. Google I/O gives a broader glimpse of that future, one where AI is invisible. “More intelligence is available, for everyone, everywhere,” Pichai told his audience. I think we are expected to marvel. But by putting AI in everything, Google is turning AI into a technology we won’t notice and may not even bother to name.",,,,Google is bundling most of its multimodal models into its Gemini app,"Google is bundling most of its multimodal models into its Gemini app. it also announced Gemini Live, a feature that lets you share your phone’s screen or your camera’s view with the chatbot and ask it about what it can see. Google is also rolling out AI Mode, an LLM-powered front end to search.","is the new frontier. It’s no longer about who has the most powerful models, but who can spin them into the best products. with its existing ecosystem of consumer services and billions of existing users, Google has a clear advantage. Power users wanting access to the latest versions of everything on display can now sign up for Google AI Ultra for $250 per month."
91,https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2025-05-20/nvidia-ceo-s-growing-presence-transcends-technology,Nvidia CEO’s Growing Presence Transcends Technology,Access not allowed,,,,,,
92,https://news.metal.com/newscontent/103339889/the-construction-of-xinan-technologys-power-control-and-ess-core-components-intelligent-manufacturing-project-has-commenced,The construction of Xinan Technology's Power Control and ESS Core Components Intelligent Manufacturing Project has commenced! | SMM,"Recently, the groundbreaking ceremony for the Xinan Technology Intelligent Manufacturing Project of Power Control and Energy Storage Core Components was held in Binhu District, Wuxi City. The project, invested and constructed by Wuxi Xinan Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as ""Xinan Technology""), has a total investment exceeding 500 million yuan. The commencement of the project marks a significant achievement in Xinan Technology's in-depth layout within the new energy industry chain. Since its establishment in 1994, Xinan Technology has been deeply engaged in the automotive parts business for over three decades , with automotive turbocharger parts as its core product. It has also actively participated in the R&D and manufacturing of precision parts for NEV motors, gearbox casings, and more. The new project, which has just commenced, will focus on producing core components for fuel cell stacks and medium-voltage power supply systems, with products widely applied inNEVs, rail transit, urban infrastructure construction, and big data centers, among other fields. Xinan Technology holds significant technological advantages inthe field of lightweight aluminum alloy automotive parts, possessing various advanced aluminum alloy forming processes such as gravity casting, low-pressure casting, and die casting. In the domestic market, the company actively expands new businesses and increases market share; in overseas markets, it accelerates the construction of overseas production capacity,with Thailand as a key battleground for overseas capacity layout. It has established a subsidiary in Thailand to implement the construction of a Thai factory, using Thailand as a hub to deeply cultivate the Southeast Asian market and further enhance the company's international competitiveness among clients. Meanwhile, on June 16-17, 2025, Xinan Technology will participate in the2025 SMM 2nd Southeast Asia Automotive Supply Chain Conferenceorganized by SMM Information & Technology Co., Ltd. (SMM) in Bangkok, Thailand. We look forward to seeing you atBooth A07! Scan the QR code to view conference details 2025 SMM Southeast Asia Automotive Supply Chain Conference Conference Agenda June 16 08:00-08:50 Registration & Morning Tea 08:50-09:00 Opening Ceremony & Welcome Address by SMM Leadership 09:00-09:20 Latest Policies for the Southeast Asia Automotive Industry 09:20-09:50 Automotive Brand Building and Differentiation Strategies in the Southeast Asia Market 09:50-10:15 Tea Break 10:15-11:00 Roundtable Discussion: Construction and Optimization Paths for Localized Supply Chains in Southeast Asia Guest Speakers: ·Martin Knoss, Regional President, ASEAN Market Segment for Passenger Cars, Commercial Vehicles, and Off-Road Vehicles, Power Solutions Division, Robert Bosch Automotive Technology (Thailand) Co., Ltd. ·Harendra Saksena, Chief Procurement Officer, Ather Energy ·Peter Klöpfer, Senior Manager, Rutronik Elektronische Bauelemente GmbH ·Ma Ming, General Manager, Joyson Safety Systems (Thailand) ·Yoshinobu Egawa, Head of China Region, SIIX ·Guan Xin, Deputy General Manager, Southeast Asia Business Unit, Changan Automobile 11:00-11:45 Roundtable Discussion: Southeast Asia Automotive Supply Chain - Import Matters (Services, Pricing, and Localization Possibilities) Moderator: Yi Yanting, VP, SMM Information & Technology Co., Ltd. Guest Speakers: ·Bai He, RTM International, a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corporation ·Liang Yingzhang, Head of Asia Metals & Mining Sustainability, Bloomberg Intelligence ·Shine Peng, Managing Director, Southeast Asia Sales, FedEx Express ·Wu Zhengguo, Operations Director, Taichengfa Co., Ltd. ·To be confirmed, Taifoo Resources (China) Trading Co., Ltd.  12:00-13:30 Lunch & Networking Session 13:30-13:50 Keynote Speech by EVAT, Electric Vehicle Association of Thailand Guest Speaker: ·Uthane Supatti, Assistant Professor, Vice President for Academic and Human Development, Electric Vehicle Association of Thailand (EVAT)   13:50-14:35 Roundtable Discussion: Research on the Acceleration of Electrification and Localization Progress of Core Components in Thailand Guest Speakers: ·Xu Xiaolong, Deputy General Manager, Inovance United Power Systems (Thailand) Co., Ltd. ·Ross, Head of OEM Chip Division (Name withheld) ·Fu Zhibiao, Factory Director, Shanghai Edrive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. ·Tongkarn Kaewchalermtong, Chairman, Transport and Logistics Working Group, ASEAN Federation of Engineering Organizations (AFEO) ·Suphot Sukphisarn, Chairman, Automotive Parts Industry Association, Federation of Thai Industries; Deputy Secretary General, Automotive Parts Manufacturers Association of Thailand  14:35-14:55 Industrialization Breakthrough of Ultra-Thin Soft Magnetic Materials for High-Efficiency Drive Motors Guest Speaker: ·Zhan Lugang, Executive Deputy General Manager, Hunan Hongwang New Material Technology Co., Ltd.  14:55-15:20 Tea Break 15:20-16:05 Roundtable Discussion: Charging Pile Infrastructure: Unlocking the Last Mile of the New Energy Revolution in Southeast Asia Guest Speakers: ·Zhao Liming, Overseas Sales Director, Southeast Asia Region, Teld ·Soravis Sithicharoe, Head of Venture Capital (Charging Pile Business), Gentry ·Mr. Chavarin Chavarangkul, Head of Charging Piles, Sales Director, Innopower Proposed Invitees:Banpu Next Co., Ltd., PTT Public Company Limited  16:05-16:25 TBD Speech Guest Speaker: Leng Bing, Deputy General Manager, Guangzhou Futures Exchange (GFEX)  16:25-16:45 Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC): Where Prosperity Begins Guest Speaker: ·Songwut Apirakkhit, Executive Head of Next-Generation Automotive Sector, Eastern Economic Corridor   16:45-17:30 Roundtable Forum: Choosing the Right Model for Investment and Factory Construction in Southeast Asia: Analyzing the Pros and Cons of Joint Ventures and Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries 19:00-21:00 Cocktail Reception June 17 09:00-09:20 TBD Speech 09:20-10:05 Roundtable Forum: How Can Southeast Asia's Local Supply Chain Serve the European and US Markets? Guest Speakers: ·Tuan Vi, Vice President of Supply Chain and Logistics, Asia-Pacific, Schaeffler Vietnam Co., Ltd. ·Dr. Mustafa Saed, Executive Director of Cybersecurity, Aptiv US Proposed Invitees:ZF (Thailand) Co., Ltd., BMW Group Thailand Co., Ltd., Faurecia (Thailand) Automotive Seating and Interior Systems Co., Ltd., Mercedes-Benz (Thailand) Co., Ltd.  10:05-10:30 Coffee Break 10:30-11:15 Roundtable Forum: Battery Materials Supply Chain - Potential for Linkage in Southeast Asia for Battery Cell Chemical Materials Guest Speakers: ·Tony, General Manager, SEVB Technology (Thailand) Co., Ltd. ·Liu Rui, Chairman, Innovatech (Malaysia) New Material Technology Co., Ltd. ·Kim Chang-seok, Sales Director for Japan, South Korea, and Southeast Asia, Electrolyte Business Unit, Tinci Materials ·Yang Shuzhan, Deputy General Manager of BTR Group, Chairman of BTR Indonesia Proposed Invitees:Cathode Material Manufacturers, Battery Manufacturers  11:15-11:35 TBD Speech 11:35-13:00 Lunch + Networking Session 13:30-17:30 Automaker Parts Demand Matchmaking Meeting (Highlight Event!) Scan the QR code for event details 2025 SMM Southeast Asia Automotive Supply Chain Conference Automaker Parts Demand Matchmaking List Process Letter and Participant List Scan the QR code for event details",,,,Xinan Technology’s Intelligent Manufacturing Project of Power Control and Energy Storage Core Components has a total investment exceeding 500 million yuan,"the Xinan Technology Intelligent Manufacturing Project of Power Control and Energy Storage Core Components has a total investment exceeding 500 million yuan. the new project, which has just commenced, will focus on producing core components for fuel cell stacks and medium-voltage power supply systems. Xinan Technology has been deeply engaged in the automotive parts business for over three decades.",": & Networking Session 13:30-13:50 Roundtable Forum: How Can Southeast Asia's Local Supply Chain Serve the European and US Markets? Guest Speakers: Tuan Vi, Vice President, SEVB Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as ""Xinan Technology""), has a total investment exceeding 500 million yuans. the project will focus on producing core components for fuel cell stacks and medium-voltage power supply systems, with products widely applied"
93,https://www.gim-international.com/content/article/innovative-technology-keeps-surveyors-safer-in-dutch-highway-reconstruction-project,Innovative technology keeps surveyors safer in Dutch highway reconstruction project,"The complex ‘Ring Zuid’ highway project in the Dutch city of Groningen illustrates the crucial role of advanced geospatial techniques in the infrastructure sector for design efficiency, execution accuracy and sustainable development. Advanced surveying techniques are indispenable in the infrastructure sector, where geospatial data holds the key to more efficient design, more accurate execution and more sustainable development. The recently completed ‘Ring Zuid’ highway project in Groningen, the biggest city in the north of the Netherlands, is a prime example of this. The aim was to reconstruct the southern ring road to improve accessibility, traffic flow, quality of life and safety in and around the city. Surveyors and site engineers from Geomaat were closely involved in the preparation, execution and completion of this project, which was one of the nation’s most complex infrastructure projects in recent years. Partly due to increasing traffic levels, the aim of the ‘Ring Zuid’ project (2019-2024, €927 million) was to reconstruct the southern ring road (the N7) on the outskirts of the Dutch city of Groningen to improve capacity and traffic flow. The existing road featured lots of traffic lights and junctions, which frequently resulted in congestion. Key components of the project were the conversion of the two biggest bottlenecks to grade-separated intersections, and the lowering and partial tunnelling of the N7. Specifically, the project included altering the trajectory of the road, constructing three tunnels and adapting a number of crossroads. This would reduce congestion and improve the accessibility of the city and surrounding area. At the same time, lowering the road and creating more green spaces would reduce noise pollution and improve the attractiveness of the urban landscape, thus improving the quality of life in the nearby neighbourhoods. Additionally, new infrastructural elements were developed for the local community. These included a tunnel for pedestrians and cyclists, and a safe cycle route that enabled cyclists to pass beneath the ring road without having to navigate busy junctions. These changes would not only improve road safety, but also enhance the immediate surroundings for local residents and businesses. Figure 1: The newly completed ring road in Groningen, opened after six years of construction. (Image courtesy: Sander van der Werf/Shutterstock). The role of surveying The surveyors and site engineers were crucial to the success of the ‘Ring Zuid’ project, from design to completion. Thanks to their adaptability, they played a big part in helping to solve complex challenges. Meanwhile, their proactive monitoring directly contributed to the quality, safety and efficiency of the project in a number of areas, including: Tunnel geometry precision: optimal concrete layer thanks to digital accuracy Surveyors were constantly involved in the various phases of constructing the tunnels. For example, they provided detailed 3D models of the tunnels, allowing engineers to determine the exact thickness of the concrete backfill layer before pouring. This accuracy was essential to correct deviations stemming from previous construction phases. In the dynamic environment, the surveyors used total stations to gather hundreds of reference points quickly, efficiently and error-free. This was essential to capture the unique tunnel shapes. It would not have been possible to complete the project on time and cost-efficiently without that data. Flexibility in the field: the right tool for every situation In each case, the surveyors selected the tools that suited the situation and the required level of accuracy. Whereas GPS was sufficient for general terrain measurements, total stations were the right choice for restricted tunnel environments. Whenever possible, the Streetmapper – Geomaat’s mobile 3D scanner solution – was used to acquire large volumes of data efficiently. However, traditional methods also came in useful, mainly in areas with no GPS signal or where poor access made it difficult to place scanners. Proactive monitoring: a safer environment The surveyors went beyond merely taking traditional measurements by also continuously monitoring environmental risks using innovative techniques. For instance, they kept track of: Compaction (using precision levelling and hundreds of facade anchors) Groundwater levels (using monitoring wells) Vibrations (using vibration sensors) Drainage (using measuring poles) This real-time data prevented surrounding buildings from becoming damaged and ensured that the construction work progressed safely. For example, the rapid detection of even the slightest subsidence allowed countermeasures to be taken immediately. Figure 2: Measurements and scans were triangulated into an accurate model for designers and engineers during the execution phase. Technologies for safer working During the 'Ring Zuid' project, specific protocols and methodologies were followed to ensure that the surveyors could collect data safely as well as efficiently. The Robotplotter and the Streetmapper were two technologies that played an important role in this. Robotplotter The Robotplotter, which can be operated remotely, allowed the surveyors to apply road markings without having to put themselves in the direct vicinity of the traffic. The Robotplotter can autonomously operate in a straight line guided by a global positioning system (GPS) or terrestrial positioning system (TPS), thus reducing the number of potentially dangerous situations. Richard Kainama (left), head of the surveying team at Geomaat, led a group of up to ten surveyors and three work planners. He played a key role in successfully delivering the 'Ring Zuid' project. ""I’m incredibly proud of our team, who give their all every day to help steer this massive project in the right direction,"" he says. (Image courtesy: Geomaat) Streetmapper The Streetmapper-IV is an advanced mobile 3D mapping system capable of scanning up to two million points per second with an accuracy of up to 5mm without interrupting the traffic flow. Thanks to Geomaat’s self-developed and continuously evolving artificial intelligence (AI) system, the Streetmapper not only automatically detects objects such as road markings, light poles, signs and guide rails, but also conducts a deeper layer of logical checks. The system then filters out moving objects (e.g. cars, cyclists and pedestrians), leaving only the static infrastructure, resulting in the near real-time transformation from point cloud to classified objects. Both these technologies improve the work of surveyors and site engineers by allowing them to capture more data more accurately, more efficiently and, above all, more safely. Additionally, the resulting data is reliable enough to be used as the basis for future analysis and comparisons. As a result, this approach not only shortens the amount of time spent in the field, but also reduces the need for return visits to conduct repeat measurements. Figure 3: Robotplotters work quickly, accurately and automously. This allows opertors to remain at a safe distance from the traffic. Conclusion Tackling Groningen’s southern ring road was a far-reaching infrastructure project. The aim was to have a lasting positive impact on both the city’s development and life in the local community by improving accessibility, traffic flow, liveability and safety in and around Groningen. These objectives were definitely achieved. Geomaat’s land surveyors and site engineers played a crucial role in the preparation, execution and completion of the project. Innovative technologies such as the Robotplotter and Streetmapper improved the efficiency and safety of the work. Major projects such as ‘Ring Zuid’ illustrate the growing need to not only build new infrastructure, but also to replace, renovate and reconstruct existing infrastructure. In future large-scale projects over the coming years, the lessons learned during ‘Ring Zuid’ will provide valuable knowledge in the areas of efficiency, safety and the added value of combining traditional land surveying with state-of-the-art mapping techniques. Objectives of the ‘Ring Zuid’ project Improving accessibility: Widening the ring road and modernizing the infrastructure to make it easier for motorists to reach their destinations. Traffic flow: Reducing the number of traffic lights and improving traffic conditions to ensure a smoother traffic flow, which also reduces journey times. Liveability: Reducing noise and air pollution in the vicinity of the ring road to improve liveability in the nearby neighbourhoods. Safety: To increase safety for both motorists and pedestrians with better infrastructure and fewer traffic lights. Richard Kainama, leader of the surveying team at Geomaat, led a team of up to ten surveyors and three work planners. The team’s tasks ranged from placing markers and mapping the environment using GPS, spirit levels and total stations, to performing both static scans and mobile ones using the Streetmapper. Geomaat took care that the design was a true representation of the environment and worked in close collaboration with MUG Ingenieursbureau (which has recently been acquired by Movares and will soon be known as Movares Smart Urban Engineering). Multiple engineering design firms were involved in the preparation and execution phases of the ‘Ring Zuid’ project. Among other things, Geomaat’s role was to perform checks and verify that the geometry of the designs was in line with the real-life situation. Figure 4: The Streetmapper captures millions of points per second quickly and efficiently while driving, without disrupting the traffic flow. The surveyors sit safely inside the vehicle. Further reading (in Dutch) www.geomaat.nl/artificial-intelligence-ai-in-puntenwolk/ https://www.geomaat.nl/expertise/mobile-mapping/ https://www.geomaat.nl/nieuwe-camera-streetmapper/ Aanpak Ring Zuid - Wegenwiki Aanpak Ring Zuid Groningen - Roelofsgroep Van gedeelde naar geheelde stad: Groningse ‘Aanpak Ring Zuid’ nadert voltooiing - Gezonde Stedelijke Leefomgeving Aanpak Ring Zuid levert ook voor fietsers verbeteringen op Vooruitblik op 2025 › Groningen Bereikbaar",,,,"'Ring Zuid' highway project in Groningen, the biggest city in the north of the Netherlands, is a prime example of this","the ‘Ring Zuid’ highway project in Groningen, the biggest city in the north of the Netherlands, is a prime example of this. the project was to reconstruct the southern ring road to improve accessibility, traffic flow, quality of life and safety. key components of the project were the conversion of the two biggest bottlenecks to grade-separated intersections, and the lowering and partial tunnelling of the N7.","the 'Ring Zuid' project in Groningen, the biggest city in the north of the Netherlands. the project was designed to improve accessibility, traffic flow, quality of life and safety in and around the city, according to Geomaat's ten surveyors and three work planners. this was crucial to the success of this project, which was completed in 2018-2024."
94,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/uniti-group-inc-present-td-201500439.html,"Uniti Group Inc. to Present at the TD Cowen 53rd Annual Technology, Media and Telecom Conference","Uniti Group Inc. LITTLE ROCK, Ark., May 21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Uniti Group Inc. (“Uniti”) (Nasdaq: UNIT) announced today that its President and Chief Executive Officer, Kenny Gunderman, is scheduled to present at the TD Cowen 53rd Annual Technology, Media and Telecom Conference. The presentation is scheduled for 9:40 AM EDT on May 28, 2025 in New York, NY. You may access a live webcast of the event on Uniti’s Investor Relations website at investor.uniti.com. The webcast will be available for replay for a limited time following the presentation. ABOUT UNITI Uniti, an internally managed real estate investment trust, is engaged in the acquisition and construction of mission critical communications infrastructure, and is a leading provider of fiber and other wireless solutions for the communications industry. As of March 31, 2025, Uniti owns approximately 147,000 fiber route miles, 8.8 million fiber strand miles, and other communications real estate throughout the United States. Additional information about Uniti can be found on its website at www.uniti.com. INVESTOR AND MEDIA CONTACTS: Paul Bullington, 251-662-1512 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer paul.bullington@uniti.com Bill DiTullio, 501-850-0872 Senior Vice President, Investor Relations & Treasury bill.ditullio@uniti.com  ",,,,"ABOUT UNITI Uniti, an internally managed real estate investment trust, is engaged in the acquisition and construction of mission critical communications infrastructure","the presentation is scheduled for 9:40 AM EDT on may 28, 2025 in new york, NY. the webcast will be available for replay for a limited time following the presentation. ABOUT UNITI Uniti, an internally managed real estate investment trust, is engaged in the acquisition and construction of mission critical communications infrastructure.",", Ark., May 21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Uniti Group Inc. (“Uniti”) (Nasdaq: UNIT) announced today that its President and Chief Executive Officer, Kenny Gunderman, is scheduled to present at the TD Cowen 53rd Annual Technology, Media and Telecom Conference."
95,https://www.foodbev.com/news/research-study-unlocks-new-food-tech-potential-through-xampla-s-microencapsulation-technology,Research study unlocks new functional F&B potential through Xampla’s microencapsulation technology,"A new peer-reviewed study has shown how bio-based materials start-up Xampla’s novel plant protein microcapsules protect fat-soluble active ingredients through simulated digestion, through to the intestinal phase.   The study, titled ‘Digestibility and enteric release achieved with microencapsulates made from emulsion-templated plant proteins’ has been published in the Royal Society of Chemistry journal Sustainable Food Technology.   Scientists deployed vitamin D2 as a test cargo in spray-dried plant protein encapsulates to demonstrate how fat-soluble ingredients in microscopically sized particles can be added to convenience foods and beverages.   The research team, including Xampla’s founding scientist Tuomas Knowles, found that added ingredients contained within Xampla microcapsules maintain their stability in transit, storage and through gastric digestion, significantly releasing once they reach the small intenstine.   According to researchers, the plant protein capsules remain physically robust even after contact with boiling water, which emulates pasteurisation conditions. Tests showed that the vitamin D cargo remained intact without degradation, despite high temperatures and vigorous mixing.   The research could unlock significant potential for next-generation functional food and beverage products, such as vitamin-enriched drinks, plant-based supplements and shelf-stable probiotic foods, without compromising taste, texture or ingredient stability.   Traditionally, it has been challenging for nutrient delivery systems to maintain the viability of sensitive ingredients such as vitamins, which are prone to degradation from light, pH stresses and pasteurisation before they reach the consumer. These limitations mean manufacturers often rely on costly overage practices to meet on-pack nutrition claims.   Marc Rodriguez, chief technical officer at Xampla, said: “This paper provides the clearest evidence yet that our plant protein microcapsules solve a major challenge in the functional food and supplement industry”.   “We can take oil-based additional ingredients and ensure they remain stable through processing, transit and storage, all the way to digestion. The additional nutrients are substantially released where they can be most effectively absorbed, in the small intestine.”   Testing was undertaken using industrial spray-drying equipment, demonstrating that the technology is directly scalable to a full-size commercial dryer. The research was conducted in collaboration with the Quadrum Institute Bioscience and part-funded by Innovate UK.   Pete Wilde, emeritus fellow in food structure, colloids and digestion at the Quadrum Institute Bioscience, commented: “Our collaboration with Xampla represents a significant development of what is possible in nutrient and probiotic delivery. This study shows how a scalable approach with natural polymers can overcome traditional formulation challenges and help bring more effective functional products to market.”",,,,Bio-based materials start-up Xampla's plant protein microcapsules protect fat-soluble active ingredients,"bio-based materials start-up Xampla's plant protein microcapsules protect fat-soluble active ingredients through simulated digestion, through to the intestinal phase. scientists deployed vitamin D2 as a test cargo in spray-dried plant protein encapsulates to demonstrate how fat-soluble ingredients can be added to convenience foods.","Xampla’s new plant protein microcapsules protect fat-soluble active ingredients through simulated digestion, through to the intestinal phase. tests showed that the vitamin D cargo remained intact without degradation, despite high temperatures and vigorous mixing. the research could unlock significant potential for next-generation functional food and beverage products, such as vitamin-enriched drinks, plant-based supplements and shelf-stable probiotic foods."
96,https://www.thefastmode.com/technology-solutions/41919-actelis-wins-100k-order-for-hybrid-fiber-technology-for-intelligent-transportation-systems,Actelis Wins $100K Order for Hybrid-fiber Technology for Intelligent Transportation Systems,"Actelis Networks, a market leader in cyber-hardened, rapid deployment networking solutions for IoT and broadband applications, announced that it has received a $102,000 follow-on order from a major Mid-Atlantic US county to further enhance and expand its Advanced Transportation Management System (ATMS) operations. This new order builds upon the $260,000 project announced in July 2024 and reinforces Actelis' growing position as a trusted provider of critical networking infrastructure for intelligent transportation systems nationwide. The order is specifically targeted at supporting the county's Transportation Systems Technical operations, providing secure, high-performance connectivity that powers a range of critical smart transportation applications. These include automated traffic signal control, real-time intersection monitoring, advanced safety and surveillance systems, and intelligent traffic flow management—all essential components of next-generation transportation infrastructure. The county will leverage Actelis' hybrid-fiber technology to rapidly extend its digital capabilities across its extensive network of roadways and intersections, enabling data-driven strategies that enhance safety, reduce congestion, and improve overall transportation efficiency. Actelis' cyber-hardened networking solutions provide significant advantages for this mission-critical infrastructure, including: Rapid deployment that reduces modernization timelines from months to days Seamless integration with traffic controllers, cameras, and sensor networks Substantial cost savings through utilization of existing infrastructure Military-grade security features protecting vulnerable transportation systems Seamless integration with traffic controllers, cameras, and sensor networks Reliable performance in challenging outdoor environments This latest order continues Actelis' momentum in the intelligent transportation systems market, following recent deployments in cities including Seattle, Orange County, Eugene, as well as a recently announced railway modernization project in Northern Ireland and other implementations across Europe and Asia. These global deployments highlight Actelis' growing recognition as a leading provider of secure, high-performance networking solutions for critical infrastructure applications worldwide.",,,,"Actelis Networks receives $102,000 follow-on order from major US county","Actelis Networks has received a $102,000 follow-on order from a major mid-Atlantic US county. the order builds on the $260,000 project announced in July 2024. the county will leverage Actelis' hybrid-fiber technology to rapidly extend its digital capabilities across its extensive network of roadways and intersections.","for IoT and broadband applications Actelis Networks has received a $102,000 follow-on order. The order is specifically targeted at supporting the county's Transportation Systems Technical operations, providing secure, high-performance connectivity that powers critical smart transportation applications. this includes automated traffic signal control, real-time intersection monitoring, advanced safety and surveillance systems, and intelligent traffic flow management—all essential components of next-generation transportation infrastructure."
97,https://packagingeurope.com/news/tetra-pak-co-founds-coalition-for-food-manufacturing-technology-progress/12858.article,Tetra Pak co-founds coalition for food manufacturing technology progress,"Tetra Pak, Krones, Alfa Laval, and SPX FLOW have formed Food Manufacturing Technologies Europe (FMTE) – a coalition intended to lower the sector’s environmental impact, amplify its voice in policymaking, and bolster its resilience and competitiveness. Apparently, the five largest food manufacturing technology and equipment manufacturers in the EU/EFTA held 15% of the global market in 2023, and the sector itself is expected to reach €118.4 billion by 2030. Even so, it faces continent-wide and global challenges when it comes to long-term competitiveness, scaling its innovations while minimizing its environmental impact downstream in the supply chain, managing supply chain disruptions, and adjusting to evolutions in regulatory frameworks. In response, FMTE’s founders aspire to represent a unified voice for businesses across the food manufacturing and equipment sector as they navigate the ongoing evolution of food systems. Together, they aim to facilitate more competitive, resilient, and sustainability-minded food systems across Europe. The coalition is planned to serve as a ‘hub of expertise’ that provides insights, data, and policy intelligence – thus informing future decisions and raising the sector’s profile. It is set to represent companies of all sizes, from SMEs to global leaders, and companies across the industry are invited to join. By scaling innovations that lessen the industry’s environmental impact, such as digital solutions to minimize waste and improvements in energy and water efficiency, FMTE plans to advance the transformation of food systems in line with the EU’s climate objectives. Furthermore, it intends to provide evidence, insights, and best practices to ensure that an EU policy framework supports the sector’s innovation and competitiveness. Strengthening industry collaboration is also hoped to encourage competitiveness, bolster resilience, and harmonize best practices in line with EU priorities. The founders envision joint efforts between industry leaders, researchers, and EU policymakers to address ongoing challenges and drive future developments in the industry. “We united to create a platform that gives us a stronger collective voice in shaping Europe’s future food manufacturing technologies landscape,” said the FMTE Board, comprised of business leaders from the four founding companies, in a joint statement. “In these crucial times for the industry, where delivering tangible impact is more important than ever, we aim to drive innovation in food manufacturing technologies, promote sustainability, and ensure a more influential role in Europe’s competitive food industry.” In other coalition news, a group of stakeholders led by TOMRA have urged the European Commission to take steps to support circularity measures in the draft Clean Industrial State Aid Framework – arguing that, without the appropriate financial mechanisms in place to scale up circular infrastructure, the EU cannot enhance its competitiveness or become the ‘world leader on circular economy’ by 2030. GoUnpackaged’s Refill Coalition has also published the results of refillable packaging trials conducted by Aldi and Ocado. Reportedly, in-store refill rates reached up to 57%, 86% of vessels were returned without deposit incentives, and refillable packaging reportedly exceeded the environmental performance of single-use in only two cycles. If you liked this story, you might also enjoy: The ultimate guide to the Packaging and Packaging Waste Regulation in 2025 How are the top brands progressing on packaging sustainability? Everything you need to know about global packaging sustainability regulation in 2025 The key to increasing the use of reusable packaging in supermarkets",,,,Founders aspire to represent an unified voice for businesses across the food manufacturing and equipment sector,the five largest food manufacturing technology and equipment manufacturers in the EU/EFTA held 15% of the global market in 2023. the sector itself is expected to reach €118.4 billion by 2030. founders aspire to represent a unified voice for businesses across the food manufacturing and equipment sector.,"the packaging sustainability regulation in 2025. FMTE is set to represent companies across the food manufacturing and equipment sector. founded by Tetra Pak, Krones, Alfa Laval, and SPX FLOW – a coalition intended to lower the sector’s environmental impact, amplify its voice in policymaking and bolster its resilience and competitiveness. the founders envision joint efforts between industry leaders, researchers and EU policymakers."
98,https://www.covnews.com/news/cities/council-oks-rezoning-request-social-circle-technology-park/,Council OKs rezoning request for Social Circle Technology Park,"By allowing ads to appear on this site, you support the local businesses who, in turn, support great journalism.",,,,"You support the local businesses who, in turn, support great journalism. click here for all the latest news.","allowing ads to appear on this site, you support local businesses who, in turn, support great journalism. you support the local businesses who, in turn, support great journalism. click here for all the latest news.",": By allowing ads to appear on this site, you support the local businesses who, in turn, support great journalism. En permettant l'affichage d'annonces sur cette page, vous appuyez les entreprises locales qui, à leur tour, soutiennent un grand journalisme."
99,https://www.traveldailynews.com/people/new-appointments/daniel-johnson-joins-hotels-for-trees-as-partnerships-officer-technology/,Daniel Johnson joins Hotels for Trees as Partnerships Officer – Technology,Access not allowed,,,,,,
